subreddit,selftext,title,score,media_only,author
camping,"So i have never camped before, but me and my wife have decided that this summers gonna be the first time. So my question is how do we begin? What do we need? We need advice.",First tim camping,1,False,getshreddedin1year
camping,,Camping Tricks: A few of these were very handy for my last camping trip,1,False,AshleyM8
camping,,the black lake -ALGERIA-,18,False,Ta9iii
camping,,"""The joy of triumph, the agony of defeat."" Last summer. We were playing war. I caught the moment the cards were read.",120,False,jodihas2kids
camping,,"Joshua Tree National Park back country! Miraculously, I have two bars occasionally so I’m gonna share with Reddit! Full moon is absolutely beautiful but too bright for my GoPro :-(",38,False,TakeY0Cheekz
camping,[deleted],Currently in the back country of Joshua Tree National Park awaiting the peak of the Snow Moon tonight! Miraculously I have two bars of service every now and then so I’ll share here!,1,False,[deleted]
camping,[deleted],"Back country of Joshua Tree, managed to get a few bars of service where I’m camped out so I’m sharing with Reddit! The snow moon tonight was absolutely gorgeous, but too bright for my GoPro :(",1,False,[deleted]
camping,,Canoe camping on Lake Pend Oreille August 2020,34,False,SFW_ynsd
camping,,Uinta Mountains. Summer 2018.,56,False,LearnedMonkey55
camping,,"First camping trip of the season along the Colorado River in Moab UT. Coming from Montana, 50 degrees felt like summer!",389,False,zen_n_stuff
camping,,Hunting flashlight,1,False,VsionledAndy
camping,,"Brinyte flashlight, a manufacturer for nearly 15 years, is looking for distributors all over the world.Please feel free to contact me. WhatsApp/Wechat/Cell:+8613613037650. Email:andypingzhi@gmail.com",1,False,VsionledAndy
camping,,"Really missing being out there, stuck in quarantine in a snowy canadian February. Bring on the summer",33,False,bnsjnsnln
camping,,"Ponca state park, Nebraska",1,False,erinbeez
camping,,Since it’s #blackhistorymonth did I mentioned we are patented &amp; made in USA Lockitplates.com,2,False,LockItPlates
camping,Does any one here got any good camping spots they recommends around or near the ouray Colorado area,The best places for camping around ouray Colorado,1,False,Dizzy-Ad5714
camping,,"Hey guys, this is my dog. Look in my post history. This weird person stole my photo",121,False,ccatmarie95
camping,[deleted],Spent my 32nd birthday solo hiking and camping all around the Sonoran Desert in Arizona!,1,False,[deleted]
camping,"Hi! 

UK camper here, which means lots of wet soggy weather - and slugs! And as stated in the title I have a phobia. But I love camping! I'm looking for a new tent for me and my partner but what I am looking for doesn't seem to exist! :( Being terrified of slugs, I don't want them anywhere in the tent. Looking for the following:

* 2-4 person tent
* Separate bedroom and porch
* FULLY sewn-in groundsheet around the whole tent, including porch and doors.
* Don't want one of those huge tents you can stand in. As I would imagine they would get cold? And they are a bit too big.
* Ideally green if possible.

For some reason, I can't find any tents that fit this criteria. The closest I can find is either something like the  Avon 3 DLX Nightfall Tent, which is the perfect shape and size, but the groundsheet isn't sewn into the porch area. Or the  OAKWOOD 3 which is perfect - but is for standing in and might get cold due to the extra space in the tent? (Feel free to correct me on this as I am just making an assumption).

Any help would be appreciated. :) I really do hate the little critters. When camping I have to search the walls of the tent with a torch and flick them off before I am brave enough to open the door. They are gross! And packing away is horrible when they are all over the tent inner. 

I would also be interested to find out why only large family tents have a sewn-in groundsheet in the porch. Something to do with pack weight? But surely there must be other people who would want this despite a little extra weight? Or are other people not bothered by having to pick slugs off shoes and bags? What on earth is the point of a porch otherwise?",I have a slug phobia - tent advice needed! :),5,False,Ztar86
camping,,"K2, Northern Areas, Pakistan",2921,False,wacaramin
camping,"The deal is I am scheduled for a 2 week camp trip first two weeks in March - SC, GA, FL, from VA and from all indications it will rain every day on my first 6 days.  Any tricks or tips to taking down &amp; transporting a wet tent for next destination and setting up?  I have a foot print for the tent and the tent has a good coverage rain fly.  I have no concerns with tent leaking.  Do I just ball the tent up and put in the cargo container on my car roof and accept that moisture on parts on the tent will likely migrate to dry parts? Has anyone had their share of managing wet tents between camp ground to camp ground.  Do I not set up the tent and sleep in my car?  I’ve been so lucky on all my camping trips in the past to have not had to deal with this, all of my past trips were less than 4 days. Thanks for any advice you can provide.",How to Prepare and deal with rain on 2 week camping trip with multiple campgrounds,8,False,cogomolososo
camping,"Hello,

I live in Berlin and gonna get soon my van and camping gear out to go and chill with my dog in nature!

What places are a sweet must spot for good nature and relaxation? Can also be in Poland as it is nearby!


Cheers :)",Germany sweet spots,5,False,mircofragomena
camping,,"Florida camping 2020, black series dominator",15,False,the_usa_patriot67
camping,,The big desert of ALGERIA,539,False,Ta9iii
camping,,"Snively Hot Springs, Oregon",59,False,No-Influence129
camping,[removed],Just sold our RV and want to get back to basics. Looking at Kodiak Canvas tents for family of 4 + small dog. Specifically the Flex-Bow VX 10'x14'. Anyone have experience with these?,5,False,d_dubya
camping,,UK Wild Camping is illegal right now - so I did this instead...,1,False,Rwag
camping,"Looking for the best sleeping pad for a side sleeper or just in general. I’m about 6,3 240 so something sturdy. Not worried about weight or packability.",Best sleeping pad,3,False,Brandonz12
camping,"Im just wondering what people do when its extremely windy. I was in the desert and wind picked up. I like to sleep without the rainfly on when its not going to rain so I can see the stars and have more airflow. I have a Alps Mounteering Lynx 2 and the rainfly has a 2 vestibule system with 2 air vents on top. I was thinking that it would just kind of turn the tent more into a sail and go even crazier with the wind as the tent itself is more mesh and the air can flow thru it. I was getting smacked around by the sides all night but atleast i staked it in pretty well so i didnt fly off to space. But yeah, I am just wondering what other people do in that situation, rainfly or no rainfly?",Do you use your rainfly when its extremely windy?,6,False,BrandonThe
camping,[removed],Anyone need RV / camper advice? I have 10 years RV management experience and have seen almost every problem under the sun. I'm thinking of starting a Youtube channel but I wanted to see how much interest there would be in my wisdom.,3,False,Krunk_korean_kid
camping,[deleted],Anyone need RV / camper advice?,1,False,[deleted]
camping,,El mejor compañero de campamento de todos los tiempos.,449,False,This-Gur896
camping,I currently have a platypus Gravity Works water filtration system but I'm having a hard time finding new filters. Does anyone know if there are other filters that will fit this system or have any filter recommendations?,WANTED: Water Filtration System Recommendations,1,False,bevin88
camping,[deleted],water Filter Question,1,False,[deleted]
camping,[deleted],water filter question,1,False,[deleted]
camping,,Some of my camping in Australia,589,False,TGCK
camping,[deleted],Some camping in Australia photos,7,False,[deleted]
camping,"Hey everybody, asking for campsite recommendations between Austin and Houston.l for about 8-12 people. It can be a public park or a larger property we can Airbnb. Doesn’t have to be right in between Austin and Houston but would be nice. 

Thanks","Campsite recommendations (casual) between Austin and Houston, Texas",1,False,Clintbreed
camping,"Going to do a two month hang while I build a house. Need plenty of advice!

Sorry in advance for the formatting. I’m on mobile.

Some details: Construction will start in early July, 4 hours north of Toronto. In the bush, on our lakefront property my dad bought in ‘81. We’re tearing down the cabin and building a log home for my parents to retire to. We have a shed with running water and a living area, which is where my dad will be staying. I will be storing my clothes and food there as well, so I there’s no worries about that. My only unknown is how to make hammock camping for two months work... There will be bugs, it will be warm, might rain, not sure yet but I want to be more than prepared for the absolute worst possible conditions. 

Here’s my gear I’ve collected since last summer:
• Hammock Gear - Economy Incubator 20°f (more than enough)
• Kammok - Python 10’ (there’s plenty of trees, but I’d rather not use them, details later)
• ENO - Guardian (I have no worries with this. The area has mosquitos, black flies, horseflies, deer flies.)
• Sun Year - Rectangular Tarp (doesn’t seem to have a model number or anything similar. I received it as a gift.)
• North 49 - Jumbo Parachute Hammock Gathered End
• Amsteel - I’ve ordered 100’ of 7/64 so I should be fine. 
• Wool blankets and sleeping bags are also available to me. From my understanding, this should be fine for summertime hangs.

I also ordered a splicing hook set to make continuous loops and probably other cool things I don’t know about yet, should be here next Friday. I was going to also use the amsteel to replace the stiff webbing straps that came with the hammock.

While I’m still at home, I want to get to know my gear. Unfortunately, There’s no where to hang on my property. Conveniently I live across from a forest, but there has unfortunately been an encampment issue there :(. I’ve thought about hanging inside with a stand this spring while I tinker with my suspension at least. I ordered the [AmazonBasics hammock stand](https://www.amazon.ca/gp/aw/d/B076PM29JV?ref=ppx_pt2_mob_b_prod_image), will be here in a few days.

In July, I want to protect the trees (I’m the Lorax!), so I’m not sure what I can do here as I’ve never really done this before... I know it’s not good to hang on the same spot for more than a few days, but if I want to protect the trees, I just use a stand, right? Is there a way to make straps “safer”, to allow me to hang via one pair of trees for 2 months without relocating? Would I need/want to somehow protect the rain fly cord from damaging the trees? Or do I just bring the hammock stand and strap poles to the stand and attach my rain fly to that, solving the entire tree damage issue?

Since I have no knowledge or experience, I’m relying on there’s advice to be successful here. I have read a good chunk of The Ultimate Hang, Second Edition and have learned quite a bit, but my specific circumstances are not answered by the book. For example, this setup will only exist for two months maximum. The log cabin will have a covered porch which I will use for hanging from then on, so the books suggestions are impractical, in regards to building a pagoda, or a permanent post, etc.

Any advice or tips are greatly appreciated.
I’m trying to get as much advice on this as possible, so if there are any other forums/message boards you can forward me to, that would be absolutely amazing!","Desperate for hammock camping advice. Doing a two month long hang, starting in July. Any help is greatly appreciated. Plenty of info inside!",1,False,kulalolk
camping," 

Here's a CBC article about how there are a ton of people trying to book campsites at Ontario campgrounds right now. if you haven't booked **GET ON IT!!** They also provide a link to tips for reserving a site.

Does anyone know if this includes backcountry sites? I have already booked mine, I am just curious.

CBC article:

[https://www.cbc.ca/news/canada/london/ontario-parks-camping-campsites-2021-1.5927993?cmp=rss](https://www.cbc.ca/news/canada/london/ontario-parks-camping-campsites-2021-1.5927993?cmp=rss)

tips for booking article:

[http://www.ontarioparks.com/parksblog/ontario-parks-reservation-tips/](http://www.ontarioparks.com/parksblog/ontario-parks-reservation-tips/)",MAD RUSH TO RESERVE CAMPSITES IN ONTARIO PARKS,1,False,bevin88
camping,,My small hiking/bikepacking/caming kitchen.(not yet optimized) The bag weighs about 2.4kg. I carry 1.5l water and extra pots with my bag.,13,False,Splasheroni
camping,"Hi Y'all, I am planning a trip to Glacier National Park in Montana for 2 weeks in July. I have unfortunately missed the window for reserving a camp ground for my time there and I am scrambling to figure out what to do. Have any of you done first come first serve camping, are there other alternatives(not afraid to sleep in my car)? ",Camping advice Glacier National Park,4,False,rlwhit22
camping,,The “Bumper Dumper” Is a Portable Toilet For When You Can’t Hold It In While Traveling,1,False,Surf_Kid
camping,"Hi all, I (30f) am looking for advice on off grid camping. I’ve done plenty of camping but always near bathrooms and camp sites. Going to Death Valley for a week in April with some more experienced campers. Bringing my 4 and 7 yr old boys who love the outdoors and hiking. We have a 4wd 4runner and a kodiak tent.

Any and all advice would be welcome.

Thanks!",Newbie to off grid camping question,3,False,Cherryblossoms16
camping,,Survey,1,False,[deleted]
camping,,"Camped along the Salmon River for the night in Idaho. Was lucky enough to stumble upon Native Americans rock art as well! Love this state and it’s rugged, beautiful history.",2012,False,PrestigiousRow9992
camping,,Fly cam while camping in vietnam,16,False,Remarkable_Wafer_924
camping,,Desert Camping in February,27,False,4thRockfromSun
camping,"Good morning,

The sun is shining and it looks like camp sites will be open soon. I've been camping quite a few times with my girlfriend over the last few years (she's a seasoned veteran, I'm the newbie) - both in a tent and more recently in her VW Camper van. 

Most of our food is barbequed ontop of coals, which when finished we add logs ontop of and use as a fire to keep warm. 

One thing that kinda annoys me is that we are always using camping gas and a mini stove to brew up tea and coffee, boil water, or heat up anything that isn't BBQ-compatible.

I was thinking this year, to get a camping dutch oven, a tripod, and a kettle that can be used too - and attempt to get it all done with wood fire. 

I have a few questions though, if it's that's OK? 

- As a vegetarian, my girlfriend isn't particularly interested in all the delicious slow cooked smokey meat dishes one could make in a dutch oven, so I think I'm going to be limited to stews, soups, cowboy beans, etc.  ? Does anyone have any suggestions on the KIND of thing I can cook in the dutch oven (as opposed to on a bbq normally) ? 

- Assuming the fire was going the night before, how long will it take to get one going big enough to get a kettle boiling in the morning?",Dutch Oven + Tripod + Kettle - worth it?,6,False,IllustriousLoss
camping,,Went camping with puppers and got the most precious pictures,58,False,UranusBleacher
camping,,Camping in the Joshua Tree 🏜 and since it was chilly i got the fire started and went for hike at sunrise 🌅,26,False,sunstar33
camping,[deleted],"Originally designed for water storage during outages (on well water), but can be used for camping too! About $25 setup.",27,False,[deleted]
camping,[deleted],"Ok Karma, come to me!!!",5,False,[deleted]
camping,,"New tent, could not be happier with the quality. Will be breaking it in this weekend.",26,False,ophiuchus3
camping,,Pathfinder scout tarp?,3,False,Dizzy-Ad5714
camping,,Campfire on the Tuolumne River,51,False,Tglob710
camping,,will a spiceal needs summer camp be fun.......?,2,False,[deleted]
camping,,is river rafting or river tubing safe i have autism and want too go....?,2,False,[deleted]
camping,,is river rafting or river tubing safe i have autism and want too go....?,1,False,[deleted]
camping,,Lockable Fall Resistant Food Container Lockitplates.com,1,False,LockItPlates
camping,,Amor en el Potomac,1707,False,Slow-Top-2515
camping,,help,0,False,[deleted]
camping,Hey everyone. I was just wondering if there was a specific item that exists for holding the food you cooked. Say I am eating out of a pot off the fire or a bowl with hot food I usually have nothing to put that on and have to use my sleeve to hold it.,What do you bring along to hold your hot food?,2,False,voysinyourhead
camping,,Ice camping in the Canadian Backcountry,1,False,ChubbyCharsersFishin
camping,"Been rocking a single burner butane for years, just car camping, but got a propane Coleman double burner for Christmas. 

Used it this past weekend and honestly, I kind of prefer the shitty butane stove lol. it's just so much easier and quicker to slam the cannister in there and away we go. 

Is propane superior in terms of heat/BTU/performance? we're not in crazy extreme climate situations or backpacking so that's not much of an issue. Gotta say, I do enjoy having 2 burners though!",Do y'all prefer butane or propane?,1,False,interfoldbake
camping,,Chilling beers in the cold streams gets the job done when backpacking,1630,False,jt2947
camping,,I'm on a volcano whit my family. Respect from Mexico. 🇲🇽🖖🏼,949,False,sonbonzai
camping,"My SO and I were doing a short camping trip on the Ozette Triangle on Washington's Olympic Peninsula. You are required to purchase a permit in Port Angeles, WA which entails you renting a Bear Can (if you don't have one already) and selecting a camp site.

We got to camp and set up the hammock spread with our group. The views on this beach are amazing and we were lucky to get out on a weekend where the weather cooperated.The next morning we woke up to a Black Bear admiring out camp. It was really exillerating and could not have gone better. The bear just poked around for a bid and ended up hopping back down to the beach to feed on muscles and anything else it could fine. I always wondered what would happen if one got too close and I'm sitting there in my hammock like a rotisserie piece of meat.

So let me know! What has been your wildest animal encounter you have experienced in the outdoors?

-Squatch",I want to hear about your animal encounters!,0,False,StocK_WatcheR_
camping,,Custom Storage Hacks For All My Gear In My 1987 Toyota Land Cruiser Fj60 For Camping or Overlanding,1,False,jkdur728
camping,[deleted],A misty North of England. First &amp; only attempt at photography.,2,False,[deleted]
camping,,"Subzero camping. Fun, but maybe I'll wait for it to get warm again. Mt Taylor, NM",22,False,B34RSHARK
camping,"&amp;#x200B;

[https:\/\/www.youtube.com\/watch?v=Aqt-mT9qIEk](https://preview.redd.it/52go2xd57oj61.png?width=754&amp;format=png&amp;auto=webp&amp;s=11863ceef04b3ec93c3f241d483b06a415947ca5)",Secret beach in Quintana Roo only 200 people a day can visit it,0,False,TouchSoftwares
camping,,Tent for sale,765,False,PocoJenny
camping,,"Breakfast, camping somewhere near Yellowstone 🍳 🌲",337,False,Moist-Choice1842
camping,[deleted],trying summer camp maybe,1,False,[deleted]
camping,,trying summer camp maybe,6,False,[deleted]
camping,,Camping in Indiana last weekend. First time taking our Solo Stove and it was worth. Double fires = 🔥warm🔥 This was our first winter trip and the snow was so worth it. Great family adventure.,19,False,Fuff-Daddy
camping,,"Fairplay, CO.",12,False,wHeezYtha3rd
camping,,I need this!!,212,False,Mr_Montiel
camping,,"Thirsty or excited (Bodega Bay, CA)",17,False,Emendoz90
camping,"i have autism and spiceal needs ok i want too try a overnight summer camp maybe this summer or a camp  where you can do rafting  swimming, fishing tubing  im  going try a special needs camp though  would summer camp be fun, would i need a life vest, what should i pack are incontinence products required even if your dry like for anxity reasons  as i will be away from home  i know i wouldnt need them but  its a extra safety thing will i need a sleeping bag what do you bring for summer camp, will i sleep in a tent or cabin, will i need extra clothes , can i take a stuffed animal ,can i take my fav blanket or  a cool hot wheels car   what summer camp like any kind support thanks",summer camp,5,False,[deleted]
camping,,While on the way to the camp site,67,False,bleepbloopopps
camping,,"Went camping with the boys, took some pictures surprisingly they turned out really good! Let you what you think.",832,False,Optimistic_bird05
camping,"Looking for some tent suggestions. 
I’m 5’2” and have two pups. I’m looking for
- plenty of space for my gear
- room for a queen/full size blow up mattress
- head clearance
- “outside” living space 

Here’s my two favorite tents:

Coleman Evanston 6
- Pros
— easy to set up by myself
— plenty of room inside
— head clearance
— lasted forever. 
- Cons
— the front “outside” room doesn’t have window covers. When it rains everything gets wet. It’s also not big enough to actually be useful, although maybe I’d feel differently if it stayed dry
— head clearance works for me but not others would are taller than me

NTK tent. Model discontinued. It’s like a cross between the Arizona and Indy
- Pros
— great “outside” room. Open to the ground. Kind of wish it was a tub floor, but only kind of. Has window coverings that zip tight and it stays dry inside even in heavy rains with the open floor. 
— massive amount of space
— stays very dry
— actually easy to put away
— great head clearance
-Cons 
— this thing is massive. It needs 3 people at a minimum to put up and I need a freakin step stool to get it up.
— very difficult to put up. I’ve put it up a dozen times and it still leaves me frustrated by the time it’s standing
— the sleeping area is 1/2 an octagon shape (the outdoor space is the other 1/2) and, while it provides great space, it is awkward space. 
— the footprint on this thing is beyond obnoxious

I’ve had lots of other tents, but none worth comparing since I’m looking for something in the middle of these two. I’d rather not drop $400/$500. I’d rather stay in the $250 range but I can be flexible. 

The Nemo Wagontop with garage look awesome but $$. What I really want is the Evanston with window covers. Too bad Coleman hasn’t caught up with that.",Tent Suggestions,2,False,Jurassicpork0501
camping,,Kayak camping on Lake Champlain,9,False,criticus_arbitrandus
camping,,I am hoping someone can help me! The problem is that there is zero gas flow coming out of the stove. The gas flow is open and it fits securely. Any ideas what could be the problem?,5,False,Clitosaurus_rexxx
camping,,6 AM fog last summer (New England),1650,False,Legitimate_Wallaby86
camping,,Went out camping the other night with some friends in -7°C on the beach with high winds and was surprised how warm we were by the fire. Coldest night of 2021 in Scotland and we barely noticed!,32,False,notahyundaimechanic
camping,"I bought two of these UV botles from [Larq](http://www.livelarq.com) - terrible.

One doesn't charge and both have water ingress in the UV lens.

What's worse is Larq have taken no responsibility for the issues. I first contacted them months ago. They seem to hide behind 'we're a small team' and when I give them details they ask for, they come up with another question - skirting the issue.

Save your money, I bought my wife a cheaper bottle at the same time and hers is working fine!!",Larq UV water bottle - save your money!,4,False,Phil_Stubbs
camping,[deleted],Larq UV botles - danger your money,1,False,[deleted]
camping,,"I don’t like the thought of beach camping, but actually doing it is kind of glorious",48,False,niiimz
camping,,Any idea why the kingston range wilderness in south california is labeled as closed? Is camping allowed in this area?,0,False,RonaldMcMommy
camping,,Love how this little campsite turned out. PNW camping will never let you down.,1138,False,whiteduck_outdoors
camping,,Sex while camping? Tell me your best story,0,False,No-Time-4268
camping,,Cooking with my Biolyte,18,False,Gregon8er
camping,,"Aussie bush, home for the next 2 days",270,False,Wooden-Building
camping,"I’m camping alone now, I’m in quite a nice spot and I do a bit of gold prospecting while I’m here but something I can’t seem to do is relax, I always seem to get in a semi shit mindstate and I feel uneasy the whole time. Any advice?",Can never feel completely relaxed camping alone? Any tips?,2,False,Wooden-Building
camping,,"It's the first campfire that I light by myself, haven't rained in weeks so it's pretty easy ngl.",27,False,firebrand61793
camping,,"Reminiscing on our camping trip and wheeling with the boys!! In my backyard! (Not really) 😁beautiful Bailey, Colorado points if you know what flower your looking at... 👍🏼",9,False,Skyrider710
camping,,View of a storm over the ocean from the top of Cadillac Mountain in Maine's gorgeous Acadia National Park.,61,False,Galolio
camping,[removed],"Windproof Lighter Metal Tiger Cool Design with a One-Click Ejection Knife. Could I invite you to test it？ then you can get it for free. If you are interested, please DM me (USA ONLY)",1,False,PHOTOCESHI
camping,[deleted],what's a a spiceal needs summer camp like,24,False,[deleted]
camping,[deleted],Woah! This little camper has a ton to offer!,1,False,[deleted]
camping,,i have super powers,1,False,[deleted]
camping,I am male 5 10 200lb,What is the lightest 0 degree bag with a 150 budget,2,False,mason4524
camping,,help.......?,14,False,[deleted]
camping,,February Camping in the PNW Birch Bay SP,183,False,smeeg101
camping,,Dry Tortugas Camping Trip - What We Ate while Camping,1,False,bearcusine
camping,,Winter Hot tent Camping in the Boundary Waters,1,False,jodidiane
camping,"Gonna be doing some fishing and camping around April. Looking for a great spot to camp along the river? Preferably away from people. I’m looking for a more secluded spot. I was hearing good things about Hobo camp but I heard it was washed out. 
 
  Would love to suggestions or even some other alternatives in the CA area.",Looking for a great spot along kern river.,2,False,Zero4343
camping,,Trying to enjoy my morning coffee at the tent. This is my view...,28,False,newt16
camping,"Hi,

First big camping trip with two dogs, and fiancé. We should be fairly set to go for the gear side of things. But if anyone has been to Big Bend (Texas) and has recommendations, we would love to hear them! 

Thanks in advance.",First camp in Big Bend National Park,7,False,finrey
camping,,Best place to solo camp and enjoy the view?,0,False,demoncyborg11876
camping,,Ice Camping for GIANT Fish Catch Clean Cook! Multiple PBs and INCREDIBLE Underwater Carp Footage,2,False,grubbzfishing
camping,,Gotta love a weekend away,12,False,Zander_James1996
camping,,Adirondack trip B&amp;W,43,False,Money-Photograph-936
camping,[deleted],Car Camping Question,1,False,[deleted]
camping,,Can't wait for Spring!,235,False,thesimulati
camping,,Different kinda crossroads @ okefenokee,10,False,sraaan
camping,,"A little solo camping trip in Wilson’s Prom, Victoria. Had the whole site to myself!",14,False,StairwaytHeaven
camping,,We launched a truck wheel for life OUTDOORS! Let us know what you think! :),1,False,CustomOffsets
camping,,DIY Military Surplus Awning : ),18,False,maneasher
camping,,Last summer on Vancouver Island 🇨🇦🏕 There’s no place like home,264,False,westcoast_pixie
camping,I have Cabela's Alaskan Guide Model 6-person Tent and I want to add insulation. Any recommendations for insulating this type of tent for Camping in the Rocky Mountains?,Insilating Tent,3,False,DCowboy88
camping,"With COVID having ruined all our travel plans last year and looking like this year will be no different, I’m definitely feeling the pinch of cabin fever after a long, isolated winter. I can’t wait to get out on the trails and put all this new camping and hiking gear to use.

The trouble is, spring and early summer here in Southern Manitoba is tick season. The fiancé is totally petrified by the things, ans tbh I’m not a huge fan of them either. I can deal with mosquitos and black flies, but ticks in large numbers is a hard no. Tick season typically lasts until mid to late June here, but I would love to be able to get out and enjoy some time in the outdoors before that.

Does anyone know of any areas in Manitoba, Western Canada, or Northwestern Ontario where ticks are not such a big issue?

Of course COVID will have some say in what we’re able to do but it would be nice to know of some options that might be viable. Will drive as far West as Yoho or as far East as Sleeping Giant if needed.",Avoiding ticks in Manitoba/Canada,4,False,cjkoopwpg
camping,,Bonfire on the ranch,22,False,JdmM21
camping,,Hoh rainforest in Washington last summer. Super magical spot!,2333,False,campfiressongs
camping,,FAT GUY IN PINK TU TU | BELLY FLOP FOR CHARITY | PART TIME RVERs,1,False,Bearfootrvlife
camping,,Hammock meditation,53,False,Remarkable_Wafer_924
camping,,Campfire explosion,24,False,Remarkable_Wafer_924
camping,"Slept on a cot for years but thinking about making a change to a low profile blow up pad. 
What’s your opinion?",Cot vs blow up sleeping pad.,3,False,Brandonz12
camping,,"⬇️⬇️ Need SPONSORS to help take my camping adventures to less fortunate communities to give underprivileged kids the opportunity to camp, roast a marshmallow &amp; experience the outdoors for the first time. Please get in touch! #jasonkemm #moments_in_motion #camp_with_jason #jpro5ive",1,False,jpro5ive
camping,[deleted],"My cousin and I are attempting a yoga retreat at her family’s campground near Garner State Park! Almost completely packed and I received a job offer in town yesterday, and was laid off from my job in Houston due to building needing repairs from freeze. Seems like the time try something new.",0,False,[deleted]
camping,,That's the most interesting view (from inside) of the ShiftPod shelter tent.,14,False,narcoteca
camping,,I am building a DIY camping/sleeper trailer—what features are a must-have? Is there anything I should keep in mind?,4,False,insearchofanswers32
camping,Sorry for the unoriginal question but I can't seem to find the same question. I go camping all year but it never gets below 0 (usually stays between 2-5 when really cold ) and I want to know what's the lightest and comfortable sleeping bag I can get for this and not too expensive. I already slept with a bad 10° one with these temps and it was cold but not too bad if it can help.,Best 0° sleeping bag around 100€?,3,False,Le_polpe
camping,,Throw down grill getting some use on an overnighter in NE England.,71,False,HellDysphoria
camping,,Tips to Keep Your Camping Trips Safe and Secure - AtoAllinks,1,False,waqatech
camping,[deleted],Zebras Camping in the Forest,1,False,[deleted]
camping,"In Colorado there's plenty of spots to pitch a tent amd plenty of places for our huskies to explore. But our old 4 person tent is getting cramped and our 3 huskies don't like being too far from us at night. And this season my wife will be pregnant so the more room and comfort, The better. Not to mention gear and all that we don't leave in the jeep.

It's time tk upgrade anyway and I'm looking over the cabin family tents for us. I dont have a grand to throw into a top end one. And we see the mountains maybe once a month for a weekend when my job isn't in the way of it. 

I've been lookin at things like the Ozark Trail Spring Lodge. I like the room divider since we also have friends that like to come and we play card games and stuff unless we catch a rain outside, amd the dogs would have plenty of space to explore. I like the closet amd extra storage areas too.

Are these things worth it in that style yet? Or have you used that one or have a recommendation for us? Thanks guys!

[Link](https://www.walmart.com/ip/Ozark-Trail-14-Person-Cabin-Tent-in-Beige-and-Green/802935832?wmlspartner=wlpa&amp;selectedSellerId=0&amp;&amp;adid=22222222228138515403&amp;wl0=&amp;wl1=g&amp;wl2=m&amp;wl3=247868535528&amp;wl4=aud-1025747331336:pla-472177024557&amp;wl5=1014517&amp;wl6=&amp;wl7=&amp;wl8=&amp;wl9=pla&amp;wl10=8175035&amp;wl11=online&amp;wl12=802935832&amp;veh=sem&amp;gclid=Cj0KCQiAj9iBBhCJARIsAE9qRtB5YKYLkVweuNOhuCHNXxf0S3cuB92Z65_ApRqDB5zLt2HngTNRBo4aAqPCEALw_wcB) to the tent in question",What do you guys think about the cabin style tents?,9,False,MyAccountWasStalked
camping,,Trying to keep cool on a very hot day (and night) at Bemm River.,18,False,Cyclopete
camping,,Nomad life is very tough 😋,18,False,ss-architects
camping,,Fire Maple Camping Utensils Dishes Cookware Set Picnic Hiking Heat Exchanger Pot Kettle FMC-FC2 Outdoor Tourism Tableware,1,False,mikescoza
camping,,20pcs Portable Disposable Soap Paper Whitening Exfoliating Mini Outdoor Travel Camping Hiking Tools Wash Clean Hands Heath Care,1,False,mikescoza
camping,,Widesea Wind Proof Outdoor Gas Burner Camping Stove Lighter Tourist Equipment Kitchen Cylinder Propane Grill,1,False,mikescoza
camping,,Montana last summer. Can’t wait to go back,62,False,scrotiemcboogerball2
camping,,Anza Borrego - camping,142,False,narcoteca
camping,,"Already missing last weekend Mallee Cliffs, VIC , Australia",13,False,Redpen98
camping,[removed],Gear Suggestions/Advice: Backpacking Tent and Sleeping Bag,1,False,dhawx
camping,"Hey! First time poster, really excited. I started saving for a camping trip to take in November (the first camping trip I’m planning). I’m in Ohio and I would prefer to go somewhere warmer, so I was thinking Georgia. Any advice on where to look at? They seem to have so many beautiful parks, it’s hard deciding...

I’m planning on regular tent camping, nothing too fancy or difficult.",Georgia camping?,3,False,marciemaeb
camping,"I'm a 17 year old planning a roadtrip with my friends, and I'm aware that alot of campsites have a strict no unaccompanied minors rule. I was curious if anyone knows, will they intently check if I'm 18 or older? Like will they ask for a form of ID? Im sure it varies but I would like to know as a general rule. Also if anyone has any cool locations through the US that you want to add to my list to visit, feel free to comment.",Do campsites require ID?,2,False,Yurkky
camping,[deleted],Sometimes simple is best....,38,False,[deleted]
camping,"I got everything I needed to do overnight hikes and while I do really enjoy it. I find it rather hard work and I always have a terribly bad night sleep on those small hiking Matts not to mention paper thin tents, I just feel so exposed lol. But yeah I find car camping to be just a lot more enjoyable for some reason.",Anyone else prefer car camping?,16,False,Wooden-Building
camping,,Hollow Tree Stump Fire,2249,False,Bob_of_Bowie
camping,,Camping near Siletz River Bend in Oregon.,113,False,little_sprig
camping,,Sunset while Yurt Glamping near Yellowstone this past summer!,130,False,MoP_Outdoors
camping,"I can find some on Amazon advertised as providing shade,  but the reviews mention that the airflow isn't great. I am only looking for a way to keep the windows open and the bugs out.
Car is a dodge grand caravan if that matters.

Any recommendations?",Mosquito Nwt to cover car windows,3,False,ClearWaves
camping,[removed],Would you use a glamping delivery service?,1,False,dozing-dynamite
camping,[deleted],Sunset over Yurts near West Yellowstone,1,False,[deleted]
camping,,Ice camping in BC. This is our setup for ice fishing. It’s a Canadian army arctic tent and very comfortable with the wood burning stove.,51,False,TroutDerbyChamp
camping,,"Great campsite at Bendoc, Eadt Gippsland, Victoria",15,False,Cyclopete
camping,"I want to go camping very badly. I have just Purchased my first Hammock, yet I want to camp! I have a reliable vehicle!",I am 16 years old and live in the city!! How do I go camping!!!!,0,False,Aviator1116
camping,[deleted],Pretty high up,63,False,[deleted]
camping,,Egg in a hole mmmmmm yummy,27,False,Remarkable_Wafer_924
camping,,(Camping Survey) Input Needed for Camping School Project,1,False,PrudentReputation645
camping,,A magnificent view of Hong Kong,1,False,thewildsky
camping,,Coyote Pack Howls for 8 Minutes Straight *Coyote Sounds &amp; Behavior*,1,False,fairydust680
camping,,Tried to Winter Hammock Camp in my backyard. Wasn't a total failure.,1284,False,Jack-Slinger
camping,,"Colorado Collegiate Loop August 2020: Hi all, just thought you guys would appreciate some of the pics from a trip i did this summer, was my first time hiking at altitude and i can’t wait to do it again!!",42,False,persian_erg
camping,I’m usually a pretty careful person when I’m with “The Guys” but what about camp made devolve into a half savage who was cussing in the cabins with his friends.  My friends even said I became a different person at camp and acted like I was on cocaine half the time,Can some pleas explain this to me,0,False,dsfdgf
camping,"Hi all! 

In a few weeks I will be setting out on my first real-deal camping trip, I'll be staying on Santa Cruz Island in Channel Islands NP for 5 nights with my girlfriend. I've spent a good few months researching everything I can find about the subject, we have all the gear we'll need (as far as I can tell), but I thought this would be a good place to come for more specific advice before we set out. If any of you have stayed there before and have specific tips and tricks for that location I would love to hear it(bonus points if you've stayed in late March). Or if you have any other general tips that the internet doesn't talk about I would really appreciate it. Thanks so much!",Advice: Channel Islands National Park,4,False,Rmurphy618
camping,,My friend sleeping CALMLY,15,False,Pato2801
camping,,Barbecue (BBQ) in The Forest With a Doggo | Skewers | Young Veal Carnati,1,False,DamyanIvanov532
camping,"Hi all,

I am in a business class and my team and I are coming up with and idea for an app and need some feedback. Our idea is an app for the Great Lakes that tells you the current pollution data in and around the area you're looking to enjoy the fresh water. This is merely for customer data and discovery, so any feedback would be greatly appreciated! Thank you!!

[https://forms.gle/xBpx5YgwVZVVANw79](https://forms.gle/xBpx5YgwVZVVANw79)",Water Pollution App,2,False,shelby246
camping,[removed],Are campervans allowed on RV campsites?,1,False,SizzlinKola
camping,,Some photos from my trip to Ft mountain last weekend.,102,False,JohnW715118
camping,"&amp;#x200B;

https://preview.redd.it/j7zd5pdn0aj61.jpg?width=960&amp;format=pjpg&amp;auto=webp&amp;s=02b338a580373ed168c6555ac270eba22fb97859

https://preview.redd.it/3r0yxodn0aj61.jpg?width=960&amp;format=pjpg&amp;auto=webp&amp;s=c4ea9dd7751d5ce5c87d0f9d78c45e5c5b352727

https://preview.redd.it/owvxbqdn0aj61.jpg?width=1072&amp;format=pjpg&amp;auto=webp&amp;s=ffe78e27fdef16875c900781813c33debf7a56ff

https://preview.redd.it/3v79rpdn0aj61.jpg?width=720&amp;format=pjpg&amp;auto=webp&amp;s=fa773c1acabd6fb976aee0f94ab20677196064f0

https://preview.redd.it/d9cujqdn0aj61.jpg?width=720&amp;format=pjpg&amp;auto=webp&amp;s=c23b3cc9ba6eef9b580bf7919c8813235a6c655e","Cornhole and Camping, December 2020. Pat Mayse Lake, N. Texas.",3,False,ladyofthelathe
camping,[deleted],"Cornhole and Camping, December 2021, Pat Mayse Lake, Texas",1,False,[deleted]
camping,"Hey, 

Been looking at lots of reviews of the Hubba Hubba NX2 and the reviews seem to be very divided. Anyone have the Hubba and have an opinion on it? Any help would be great! Thank you!",Looking for honest opinion on MSR Hubba Hubba NX2,6,False,inferky
camping,"We are going camping this weekend with a 3 year old and a 7 year old and temps are expected to drop to 40.  They have 20 degree sleeping bags and I plan to double bag my 3 year old with a smaller sleeping bag, plus they are sleeping on self inflating pads with a high r rating.

Still nervous that they will be cold!  We ski as well and am wondering about the pros and cons of wearing thermals+ ski pants / fleece to bed.  Has anyone tried this?",Wear ski gear to sleep in 40 degrees?,2,False,instantpig0101
camping,,My campsite with my buddies from last summer. Probably the best trip I've ever had! Northern MN,484,False,Gunny0201
camping,,"With more than 50sqmi, 5 waterfalls, 9 tunnels, hundreds of wood cabins and camping grounds, you can spend days in here without getting to know the whole place. Google maps/GPS: 📍P8H7+74 La Ciudad, Durango . 📍23.7282192, -105.6871797",19,False,Mexican_Iceberg
camping,"&amp;#x200B;

I would love to go backpacking for a good 6-7 days, preferably in the backcountry. I live in Reno so could drive as far south as Fresno or Yosemite or Sequoia National Forest. I could also drive as far north as the CA/OR border and similar. I doubt much of the Tahoe Rim Trail is accessible or available for anything outside of advanced skills. I consider myself an intermediate winter backpacker.

It’s my first winter out here, but not my first time winter camping experience. Any suggestions on some place I could drive to, park the truck, and then spend a good 5-6 days backpacking a loop type trail or a out and back trail? I figure, with snow shoes, I can likely cover 8-10 miles a day pretty easy but wouldn’t want to stretch further than 12 miles in a day due to shortened days. Let’s keep it it 10 a day to be on the safe side. If the trails are clear, and no shoe shows required (just hiking boots and microspikes or crampons), I could cover 12-15 but don’t want to stretch it further than that.

So are there any 40-70 mile loop trails in the central to Northern California area for someone who is realistically an intermediate winter backpacker (well past beginner but wouldn’t consider myself advanced)? Also would much prefer forests to desert.",I’ve got a month PTO (all of March). Where to go?,2,False,coastiemike
camping,"In an effort to pretend that outside isn't still covered in snow I've been making plans to take our baby camping. She'll be about 1 and I don't even know where to start.

Most of our gear is on the more minimal/lightweight side of things so looking for your gear recommendations for family camping.

Baby's never been a good sleeper so I also worry about her napping / sleeping well in a tent, so experiences along those lines are welcome as well.

Plus any miscellaneous tips you might have! I know not to let the kid touch the ground after bathtime 😂",Give me your best tips for camping with babies/toddlers!,5,False,eskay8
camping,,Benefits of dragon fruit,1,False,Adarsh_56
camping,,#Sharabi_TheTrueStory शराब में ऐसा नशा है जो अनमोल मानव जीवन को बर्बाद कर देती है। सद्भगति में ऐसा नशा है जो मर्यादा में रहकर की जाए तो जीवन को आबाद कर देती है। फैसला आपको करना है। ज़रूर देखें Video https://youtu.be/Mdn32wVN8wk,0,False,8234805317HR
camping,,A windy day,43,False,ss-architects
camping,,my dads just started a youtube channel idk if promotion is allowed but if so it'd mean the world to him if a couple of you guys could go and subscribe,1,False,Skitz_Hydies
camping,,You never know who will show up when you camp in Vermont. Stowe October 2020.,1894,False,Albus_Q
camping,,Camp chill vietnam,60,False,Remarkable_Wafer_924
camping,,"The Basin Campground / America Bay : Sydney, Australia. Only a short walk from the actual campground too. Helpful rangers, great for a trip with the boys!",1,False,joshdag0at
camping,"This an experiment of mine to put a playlist together of beautiful and easy meals, hope everyone can enjoy it !! 

[https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DJrID3emg7s&amp;t=27s](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DJrID3emg7s&amp;t=27s)",Australian camp cooking,1,False,campingmates
camping,,Last minute impromptu camping trip last week.,25,False,Soleserious
camping,"I’d like to camp solo more frequently, but I’m not used to it and I get a bit nervous. What are some ways you got over your apprehension?",How to get over the fear of camping alone?,6,False,ryt8
camping,,"The morning view from an open cabin in Viken, Norway",60,False,creative_userid
camping,,Canaveral National Seashore,10,False,Ignorantboatbuilder
camping,"My husband and I may need to move cross country from LA to live with his folks on CT in a few months due to Covid (and just wanting to leave LA in general). While we are both not working and have the time to go travel a bit, we are creating a camping bucket list of places to camp/visit before we leave the west coast and I would love to know your favorite spots! 

Currently have Yosemite booked for April. We've done Big Sur several times (currently our favorite). Hope to get out to Joshua Tree and go back to Sequoia National Forest and even trek to Yellowstone. Would love tent campground recommendations or general parks/places to check out before we leave the western half of the states. Thanks!",Top recommendations for west coast camping!,8,False,Basky213
camping,"I am looking to purchase a smaller camper van.  Any leads welcome.

Thanks",Seeking small budget camper van...,1,False,andofearly
camping,,My dad at one of his fav spots ...eagles view he calls it.,1,False,JoeTheBruce2021
camping,,The Ohio Winter has me pining for Colorado again.,1,False,HowDoIKeepUp
camping,,The sunrise from Bald Rock Mt.,1,False,delightfuladventure
camping,,Weekend to Double Island,1,False,HowardJingle
camping,,How durable are Kodiak tents? Will dogs damage the floor?,1,False,drunkbackpacker
camping,,Wife is 20wks pregnant and still down to camp with me!,2,False,aestheticy
camping,,Quick Overnight to Install Stovejacks,1,False,Thaflash_la
camping,,No better way to enjoy the cold than camping inside the Quinzhee you built!,1,False,Alarming-Valuable-22
camping,,Camping at cranberry run camping ground in pa,1,False,illegal92
camping,,"Ensenada, México 🇲🇽",1,False,EarthFlatter
camping,I’m looking to go to Sequoia NF backpacking and camping in the next 3 weeks or so.  It looks like I have to buy permits for each night and and decide where I’m staying.  Is there a good loop trail where I can park my truck and then backpack for 5-6 days and end up back where I started?  I’ve never been so any help would be appreciated.,Help with route plan,1,False,coastiemike
camping,"If I were to bring a tv in my tent to watch Netflix and play some Xbox with my cousin, would moisture ruin it? I know it shouldn’t ruin the Xbox because I’ve done this on numerous occasions. Oh and also this is backyard camping, so probably even more of a sin to this subreddit","this is probably a sin to this subreddit, but I have a question about bringing a tv in a tent while it rains",1,False,Igloocooler52
camping,,Last minute solo camp on some public land. Forgot my sleeping pad and was cold as hell but still had an amazing time.,2,False,suckmygourd
camping,,Camping from 2 years ago in Coudcroft NM near Ruidoso New Mexico. Part of the White sands missile range can be seen in the 3rd picture.,1,False,pokethai
camping,"Has anyone camped at New River Gorge National Park in WV? Planning a trip there in the Spring. Hoping to do some hiking and kayaking. There are a few sites in the park itself and other state/private campsites just outside in the surrounding areas. Never been there and it is a big area, so if folks have stories to share or recommendations, I'd love to hear them. Thanks!","New River Gorge NP, WV",1,False,knuckles_omalley
camping,,I just discovered this page. they have all the essentials for camping. Amazing🌲🪵🦌,1,False,Santiago___c
camping,,Attempting to make some shade in the desert,1,False,Claymart
camping,"[https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DJrID3emg7s&amp;t=24s](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DJrID3emg7s&amp;t=24s)

Gday everyone !!  Here is another ripper of dish that you can enjoy when you camping or simply had a busy day at work and needed to put something together soon for the kids and the family or simply for yourself.",The Ultimate Pasta Dish In The Australian Bush,1,False,campingmates
camping,,Turning My Gear Test into a Date Night!,1,False,South_Grass
camping,,What is everyone's choice of fuel for alcohol stove?,1,False,9gagspy
camping,,Idyllwild campground. Perfect for night sky views and super convenient location. They also have hot water and outlets 🙂,1,False,z0mbi3bOn3
camping,,"Weekend camping in Idyllwild was successful. Super cold, but the snow is almost all the way melted and the sunshine was great 🌲",1,False,z0mbi3bOn3
camping,,"3 months, over 10 campfires!!! God is Good",1,False,Money_bull47
camping,,First time winter camping. Beautiful skies before sunset over Lake Michigan.,1,False,RossLH
camping,So many lakes are cold year round and I've been looking for a camping spot with a kid friendly swimming area with warm water. I've been to Bass Lake a few times which is great for this but wanted to see what else is out there. Any suggestions? Coming from the bay area and willing to drive for a great destination. Thanks!,Favorite camping spots near warm water in California?,1,False,dermatome
camping,,"A little windy (and cold) camping next to a ~600 ft gorge, but the views were certainly worth it (Rio Grande del Norte National Monument)",1,False,babababby
camping,Heading up there with my brothers for a week. Any info would be good. We have alternate sites ready but I want to try it out.,Anyone been to Stough Reservoir?,1,False,Grim_Task
camping,,Nice knife for the woods,1,False,Al-chafe
camping,"Gonna go camping for a few days with my friends. What are the things I need besides water, phones,  food, tents, and flashlights? Thanks in advance.","Going camping for at least a few days, what are the things I need besides the obvious?",1,False,Rootmars
camping,,The joys of car camping and chasing powder in the winter!,1,False,yukontacoma
camping,,First time camping on the ice this weekend. Cramped isn't the word to use with a cot in my shanty. Cozy is a good word to use.,1,False,WhisperinYoda
camping,,Good ol desert in winter.,1,False,Guacamolerep
camping,"I have recently washed my Synthetic Puffa Coat with tennis balls in both the wash and drying process. I have now realized this was a bad idea because the insulation inside has moved and in clumps. Has anyone got any fixes or solutions they would love to help me out with? Many Thanks   
Ben",Synthetic Coat Restoration!!,1,False,benzibob1234
camping,,Wild camping in France overlooking Geneva last weekend.,1,False,tim163
camping,"May or may not be a dumb question, but me and my boyfriend are going on a thirty day road trip so we bought a portable camp stove that uses butane canisters. The canisters on Amazon are about 4-5 dollars a piece whereas a canister of butane-propane mix is 2 dollars at Rei. Are the propane mix ones acceptable or should I pay for the other ones? Thank you for any help :)",Butane canister vs. Butane Propane Mix?,1,False,phoebePBJ
camping,"Looking for a new tent this summer and beyond for car camping. Some specifics:

* We've snagged a waterfront site on Lake Superior, so there's potential for super high winds
* Needs space for two adults, a dog, and a pack and play for an infant

I have an old Black Diamond two person mesa that I love for the back county but obviously that doesn't work here.  I want to buy something that will last me 10+ years and I hate the idea of using a tent a handful of times and tossing it to the dump in a year or two (That Black Diamond got pumped by some storms over the years and it still going strong)..

The two tents I'm circling are:

* Coleman 8 person Skydome
   * [https://www.amazon.ca/Coleman-6-Person-Dark-Skydome-Camping/dp/B07XGDMFTW/ref=sr\_1\_11?dchild=1&amp;keywords=coleman%27s%2Bsun&amp;qid=1614015519&amp;sr=8-11&amp;th=1](https://www.amazon.ca/Coleman-6-Person-Dark-Skydome-Camping/dp/B07XGDMFTW/ref=sr_1_11?dchild=1&amp;keywords=coleman%27s%2Bsun&amp;qid=1614015519&amp;sr=8-11&amp;th=1)
   * Love the dark room feature for my kids nap schedule
   * Love the size
   * Price is really great
   * Weary of coleman and the durability of the brand. They advertise if can withstand 35mph wind but I mean, really?
* Eureka Kohana 6 person tent
   * [https://www.mec.ca/en/product/6013-766/Kohana-6-Person-Tent?colour=BL501](https://www.mec.ca/en/product/6013-766/Kohana-6-Person-Tent?colour=BL501)
   * Eureka's seem to be reliable
   * An okay size for what I need
   * Love that it's from MEC (for non Canadians—MEC is a Canada REI and they have great customer support
   * Would like to spend less money but if that's what it is, that's what it is

Am I missing any tents I should be looking at? Does anyone have any opinions on the two that I've listed?",Tent advice (Canada),1,False,enfieldstudios
camping,"Which tents do you recommend for 4-person winter camping? (And why?) We are a family of four.

We had a bit of condensation in our sleeping pads underneath where our bodies were. Why is this? No one had been sweating. What should I do about it?

My wife was chilly in her sleeping bag (big Agnes rated for 0 Fahrenheit, it was 16). What liners would you recommend?

I went to bed hot in my Katabatic quilt so I stripped to just thermal top and underwear and then woke up a bit chilly. What do fellow quilt campers recommend for maximizing warmth?

All in all, it was a family hit. We just need a couple tweaks and we’ll be good to go again.",Winter Camping Questions,1,False,Fuff-Daddy
camping,,Sunset Campfire In The Red Rock Desert Of Northern Arizona,1,False,rayredstonemedia61
camping,,This is why I camp!,1,False,Ill-Day-4451
camping,"Heading to Alabama Hills soon with a group of friends. Wondering if groundfires are allowed or do I need to bring my solo stove?  Also, is there enough dead wood in the area to gather for firewood or should we buy and bring in? Any info will help from some of you Alabama Hills veterans.  Thanks",Alabama Hills Campfire and Firewood,1,False,Savings_Traffic_8806
camping,My partner and I will be driving from the Twin Cities in MN to Teddy Roosevelt and then to Glacier NP during June. We'd like to break up the driving to Glacier across three days and will be staying at Teddy en route. Are there any good camping stops between Teddy and Glacier that you recommend?,MPLS &gt; Teddy Roosevelt NP &gt; Glacier NP - camping in between?,1,False,likeheywassuphello
camping,,Had a lot of this weekend. Crossed a frozen pond in the Adirondacks and stayed on a island in our hot tents. It was my first time I’ve fishing too. It was a blast!,1,False,AdventuresWSpackmann
camping,,Had a lot of this weekend. Crossed a frozen pond in the Adirondacks and stayed on a island in our hot tents. It was my first time I’ve fishing too. It was a blast!,1,False,AdventuresWSpackmann
camping,I have a 1500 w Small space heater can I plug it into a power bank without causing a fire if I am sleeping in a camper van in winter time?,Space heater and power bank,1,False,Automatic-Zone-5410
camping,,First Time Winter Backpack Camping in a Tent - Eastern U.S. - 2 Feet of Snow - 10/10 Would Recommend,1,False,tryharddontquit
camping,,"Great spot in the French Alps last night. You can’t beat a fire on a winter camp. Sunsets, steaks and sunrises don’t hurt either 😉",1,False,Alpinekiwi
camping,"Hey folks, I'm trying to snag a few days for late season at Glacier National Park this summer. I've been getting up every morning for the last week in attempt to get a site, but am told it's already been booked every time I try (despite having my spots picked out and clicking book now at 7:00 am PST SHARP). Do any of you kind folks have any advice or do I just keep trying in hopes of beating someone to the punch? 

Thanks for any help!",Tips for booking at Glacier?,1,False,ATricksyHobbit
camping,,The Ultimate Pasta Dish In The Australian Bush,1,False,campingmates
camping,,BEST CCW HOLSTER !! Hands Down? Camping holster,1,False,JayTWestfall
camping,"Hey Everyone,

I've got a 24 foot Aerolite Cub 236 2003 that i want to bring cold weather camping which means i will obviously need the heater. The camper currently only has 1 battery and from what i have read, the one battery will not last the entire night without possibly damaging the battery. If i add a second battery, and i make sure they are charged with the generator prior to night time, should i easily get through the night of running the heater? My generator is kind of loud and i don't want to have to run it all night and irritate everyone else out there camping.

Some additional Details - The camper has two tents for the beds which i know will make it harder to warm, outside temps will be around 30 degrees F. and i was planning on setting the thermostat to 65ish.

I ask this because i do not want to invest in a bigger battery box, bracket, and an extra battery if i will still run the risk of not making an entire night with heat or with damaging the batteries.

Thanks in advance to any insight!",Camper Battery Question,1,False,Kneedeep971
camping,,Streak and egg without egg for breakfast. (Green stuff on steak is horseradish),1,False,choijw2
camping,,First time making a snow shelter and sleeping overnight in it with our dog,1,False,OneMeanWoman
camping,,(One of the) Grand Canyon(s) of the East,1,False,jcaldw43
camping,,(One of the) Grand Canyon(s) of the East,1,False,jcaldw43
camping,,(One of the) Grand Canyon(s) of the East,1,False,jcaldw43
camping,,My camp site last summer!!,1,False,Ill-Day-4451
camping,,JUST RELEASED-Documentary on Vancouver landscape photographer! Stunning images and a really interesting story! Has some crazy camping sites along the way!,1,False,bluesteelMcSkooter
camping,,Hugo and I enjoying the sunrise over North Stradbroke Island,1,False,gus195
camping,,A hidden gem,1,False,ss-architects
camping," 

I normally do international travel, but due to a virus that must not be named, I am not able to. I have the itch to travel again. Last year I planned a trip across the US (coast to Coast), but plans fell through. This year I need to get out and see the world. Have you ever rented a van and what would you suggest? I am not sure what price I would pay, but I figure renting a car and hotels would be about 200-250 a night so I was hoping for a cheaper price than that. I have found sites for RV's, but that would be an overkill for one person.",have you ever rented a van ?,1,False,djgengar
camping,,Needed time to reset. The desert did not disappoint.,5,False,SHTF-Girl
camping,"Long story short, I have the opportunity to get any reasonably priced tent as a birthday gift and I'm looking to select the best one to camp with my wife and my 3 year old with. The little guy loves the outdoors, and is finally potty trained!

I have a Eureka Timberline 4 which I have always treated as a 2 person tent. What size tent would your recommend that would work well for the 3 of us? 

Key parameters

* 3 season camping, in areas that can be wet at times. 
* Durability and ease of setup are more important than reduced weight.
* Bigger than a Eureka Timberline 4
* Ideally less than $300 US.",Best tent for 2 adults and a little kid?,1,False,CTNYyank
camping,First time camping at BLM land in the couple of weeks. I heard folks are allowed to shoot their fire arms. How safe it from your experience if I were to stay overnight for a few days. I hoping my car doesn't get shot up or get I get shot by accident? Are there places that sections off where you can camp and where you can shoot? Or is it free for all?? Thanks.,BLM Camping - How safe is it?,2,False,zenx2018
camping,,"Four year dating anniversary dinner, So grateful she also loves camping~",14,False,Mofobeast
camping,,RV &amp; Camp Visit to Rainbow Springs,1,False,casabalanza
camping,,"Ah, the amenities of camping... Pine, AZ-ish (also check out the garlic-shaped onion)",1,False,Magical_cat_girl
camping,Hey all—where could one go camping and get some bushcraft in?,(USA) Primitive Camping in East Pennsylvania and New Jersey,1,False,vendaaiccultist
camping,,I’d be eating cold noodles for dinner but who cares,13,False,niiimz
camping,,Finally organized the camping/ outdoor gear.,5,False,CarryingTheDoubt
camping,,"First time camping in Buena Vista, Colorado, USA. A few 14ers in the distance. Would highly recommend.",1,False,KnowledgeOfMuir
camping,Afternoon folks! My wife and I are making our annual road trip to Vegas this year and we’re looking for some tent camping suggestions around the Flagstaff area? We have dependable 4x4 and we’re hoping to camp by a river this year but def open to all suggestions! Thanks!,Flagstaff Tent Camping Suggestions?,1,False,CuteResearch5
camping,,Camping in the Texas hill country the weekend before the winter storm,1,False,bigdogpepperoni
camping,,Simple Intro into Belagine Laws of High Intuition and the Harmony of Nature (Zalmoxianism),1,False,solaraeng
camping,,Desert Campfire At Dusk In The Remote Red Rock Country Of Northern Arizona [OC],1,False,rayredstonemedia61
camping,[https://benjamins-goods-1.myshopify.com/](https://benjamins-goods-1.myshopify.com/),Best camping store,1,False,Benji4455
camping," Does anyone have experience with either/both of these sets? I am more interested in feedback about the Pinnacle set and if the claims on its efficiency are true! I am willing to spend the extra money if the value is there, but I would love to hear from the community's experience! 

[Pinnacle Dualist](https://www.rei.com/product/165301/gsi-outdoors-pinnacle-dualist-hs-cookset)

[Halulite Microdualist II](https://www.rei.com/product/147771/gsi-outdoors-halulite-microdualist-ii-cookset)",GSI Outdoors Pinnacle Dualist HS Cookset vs Halulite Microdualist II,1,False,dhawx
camping,,When you’re waiting for that sunlight to hit your tent after surviving a 6 degree night,1,False,Cofevid19
camping,,Early Morning Breakfast,1,False,Vakolli
camping,"Any tips? I’ll be making a tarp tipi, which I’ve done before. I’ve been to the area a bunch before, but always with a friend. Any advice and tips for a first time solo trip?","Upcoming solo overnight trip, winter conditions (high of 35° low of ~19°). Northern Appalachia, PA",1,False,vendaaiccultist
camping,,"Inspired to share by that other moto camping post, fun trip I went on 6 years ago up near Mt Baker, WA!",1,False,handlebar_handmades
camping,I want to do some car camping in Dinosaur National Monument in July. Any suggestions on the best campsite to make it easy to see the park. Consider I am traveling with a 1-year-old and 4 year old. Thanks.,Dinosaur National Monument - Advice on where to camp,1,False,BigBloodhound007
camping,,Brooch rose Search website:decoratiuneagoogle.demo.ro,1,False,Decoratiuneagoogle
camping,,Does anyone know the name of this tent. I lost the directions and when I do a Google search about the tent I cant find a tent matching it. I know the brand is Coleman.,1,False,gocommitroblox
camping,,Camping Season opening 🏕,1,False,Juules146
camping,,Got a pretty good view of the Flatiron from my camping spot,1,False,telekasterr
camping,,Got a great view of the flatiron from my camping spot,1,False,telekasterr
camping,"Hello 😊
 We are Melanie &amp; Daniel and we cycle 🚲 from Germany to Japan around the world ... Over 50,000 km, 5 years living in a tent.  We have already experienced several accidents, were followed by the police, had escorts, got caught in a sandstorm, got married at a couchsurfer place in Morocco and experienced a lot of crazy stuff.

 After our return from Africa, we are now in Turkey after 13000km.  Instagram.com/vaegabondsworld

 The borders with Georgia and Iran are still closed, so we couldn't continue cycling towards Asia.  That's why we worked through the winter here and created a lot of new adventure videos and blog articles for you.

 Our current video number # 45 is about the chaotic but wonderful Albania
 https://youtu.be/BE1wBdLU25Y

 All other adventures from over 13,000km and 1.5 years of living in a tent can be found in this playlist

 ⏫ All countries |  Start in Germany |  around the world by bike in chronological order: https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLG43vqBetZVoX_lcPDs_cWEfqbCnZ_Mhv

 We have also prepared a packing list for our bike world tour:
 https://vaegabond.com/ratgeber/packliste-fahrradweltreise_7450


 Hopefully we can inspire or distract you a little in this Corona time.  Stay healthy and greetings from Turkey
 Melli &amp; Dani

 Our channels:
 YouTube.com/VAEGABOND
 Instagram.com/vaegabondsworld
 Facebook.com/vaegabondsworld
 VAEGABOND.com","5 years of camping | all season 45°C down to minus 20°C | traveling the world by bicycle for 50.000km | camping, cycling adventure videos",1,False,VAEGABOND
camping,,FLEXTAILGEAR |The All-In-One Multifunctional HEATED BLANKET,1,False,bubsdux8
camping,,couple camping,1,False,RakibulShifat
camping,"Amazon's reviews have spun me in circles

Any recommendations?",What LightWeight 2 People Hammock +Mosquito Net And Rain Fly?,1,False,yeomania
camping,"It's been a while since I've been camping but I grew up doing it. My wife and I are wanting to get back into it and I've started buying other essentials to get ready for camping during the spring and summer. I understand this is a difficult question to answer without many details or what I'm looking for, but I'm looking for your opinion (whichever reasons it may be) on what is the best ground camping tent. If money wasn't a limit, which tent would you buy? Thanks in advance!",Best on ground tent (2-3 person),1,False,payne4218
camping,,First time in the hot tent (backyard),1,False,Jack-Slinger
camping,,"Beach camping on American Beach, Fl. Nothing like a fire and the sounds of the waves.",2,False,Rougarou_1
camping,,"She Finally Came In! My new Estwing Special 17"" camping hatchet. Pictured with my trusty handmade damascus pocket knife (~discussion of gear choices, elitism, extreme mod pedantry, and determination within~long read)::pen for scale::",1,False,thejustducky1
camping,"Well, since I wasn't able to gain the information, comparison, and discussion that I originally sought, I thought I'd post this in a few other subs in an attempt to get advice from people that know what the hell they're talking about when it comes to a chunk of steel.  So let's talk turkey, and if you feel like some morning mod-drama, read further:   

TL:DR:  Cool Axe and a knife, Let's talk about it.  


I'm not going to name name's and call out specific subreddits, so I'll just set the stage like this:  About a year ago, I lost my job due to being at high risk to Covid because of extreme lung conditions and a close-contact family member who literally has no immune system from chemo treatments for lung cancer.  Since I'm almost totally isolated and have huge Depression, Anxiety, and PTSD mental scars from being tortured as a child, I knew going into this, that the only way I was going to keep the demons at bay (and keep myself alive) was to work...  and boy did I work.  

Among many *many* other things, a large facet of my learning experience has been survival and self-sufficiency.  I went about constructing a huge urban garden around my property, learning how to fish with lures, hunt with a slingshot, and craft traps and shelters out of wood found in the forest, using only my trusty pocket knife and an axe.  

So I posted this picture on a subreddit where I thought I'd get the best information surrounding the subjects I've been striving all year to learn.  I even saw a post on the front page of that sub that was almost exactly like my post, although to be fair, I also wanted to talk about the workings of my beloved pocket-knife, so I included that in the picture too...  

#DENIED. 

My post, the message said, did not live up to the stringent measures put in place on that sub to keep out vanity photos better meant for ""Instagrammy type pictures"".  So I messaged back:  Hey, I wanted to talk about gear with the other members, and since there's already a post of the same type on the front page, why not let mine through too?  

I got a reply:  

&gt;A difference is that the other Poster wrote a full comment to accompany the picture post.  Not really sure what the point of the pen and a 'decorative knife' is, so NOT literally the same type. 

Oh ok, no big deal. I plan on commenting too, I replied, as my axe came in with a defect that needed fixing, and I wanted other people to know that too before making a purchase.  The pen is for scale, obviously, and the knife was the tool I've been using all year, it wasn't some mall-ninja 'decorative' knockoff, but a fully functional tool that, as I said before, I wanted to discuss the in's and out's of, for people that might like to get one of their own in the future.  Kind of elitist of him to assume the latter, I thought.  

&gt;Rulers are for scale. Or coins that people are familiar with. Or even jokingly - a banana. Axes are sold by weight and haft length - which you would know having just bought the item.  

So... I... didn't use the method of scale you prefer? But the axe's length is right in the title?  

&gt;The pen is redundant. And pens vary in length - unless somebody recognises that particular one, it doesn't help in an appreciation of scale.  

So... the pen is at the same time a redundancy of the scale stated in the title, but also *not good enough* for people to recognise it's size?  It's a damn Bic pen!  Bic Pens come in *fewer sizes* than coins do... who doesn't know how big a Bic pen is?

&gt;The knife is unrelated to the Comment. Pictures should be used to illustrate your text contribution.  

But... it's right there in the title, d00d...

&gt;If there is a fault with the axe, then your picture needs to clearly show the issue. It doesn't.  

Ok... well the axe just had a bad burr on the edge, so I couldn't exactly show that, but again, I'll happily go over that in the comment section so people know.  

&gt;But this ""burr"" was not mentioned in your title: "" ... Great heft, great split"". Where's the picture of the split? Presumably you will be returning the item to the manufacturer or retailer, though they may ask why you continued to use a defective item.  

I was referring it's 'wood splitting' ability... why would I refer to a defect in the axe as 'Great'?  This is **the third** axe I've received after returning two others for being more 'decorative' than I thought it was, and the other's head bending over like a taco after splitting one piece of wood.  Since it was just a burr anyways, I just shaved it off with my grind stone.  Surely it would be helpful for other people to know this, along with information regarding the shoddy axes they shouldn't waste their money on?  

&gt;The knife was pictured to have conversation about gear in a Post about an ax?  The knife is unrelated to the Comment. As explained before - Pictures should be used to ***illustrate*** your text contribution.  I'm sure the maker intended it to be ""decorative"". It's far from a sharpened prybar lump of steel, isn't it?

It's... in the title... *and* the pict... oh never mind...  but thanks for the elitism *again*.

&gt;There seems to be something of a gap between your expectations of the subreddit, and the reality. Whilst I appreciate the length of time since the reddit account you post from was first registered, you may have missed the development and refinement of this particular subreddit during that time. Perhaps a better match may be found elsewhere on reddit?  

No, dude... I don't think there was any gap in expectations, my post fits the subreddit's intentions perfectly.  I wanted a discussion about wood carving tools, and I got an endless litany of caveats you pulled out of your ass to make yourself the 'debate victor'.  Looks like the *true* intentions of your sub is to pick apart other people's posts **for your own vanity**.  Have fun lording over your precious subreddit...doesn't know how big a Bic pen is?

&gt;The knife is unrelated to the Comment. Pictures should be used to illustrate your text contribution.  

But... it's right there in the title, d00d...

&gt;If there is a fault with the axe, then your picture needs to clearly show the issue. It doesn't.  

Ok... well the axe just had a bad burr on the edge, so I couldn't exactly show that, but again, I'll happily go over that in the comment section so people know.  

&gt;But this ""burr"" was not mentioned in your title: "" ... Great heft, great split"". Where's the picture of the split? Presumably you will be returning the item to the manufacturer or retailer, though they may ask why you continued to use a defective item.  

I was referring it's 'wood splitting' ability... why would I refer to a defect in the axe as 'Great'?  This is **the third** axe I've received after returning two others for being more 'decorative' than I thought it was, and the other's head bending over like a taco after splitting one piece of wood.  Since it was just a burr anyways, I just shaved it off with my grind stone.  Surely it would be helpful for other people to know this, along with information regarding the shoddy axes they shouldn't waste their money on?  

&gt;The knife was pictured to have conversation about gear in a Post about an ax?  The knife is unrelated to the Comment. As explained before - Pictures should be used to ***illustrate*** your text contribution.  I'm sure the maker intended it to be ""decorative"". It's far from a sharpened prybar lump of steel, isn't it?

It's... in the title... *and* the pict... oh never mind...  but thanks for the elitism *again*.

&gt;There seems to be something of a gap between your expectations of the subreddit, and the reality. Whilst I appreciate the length of time since the reddit account you post from was first registered, you may have missed the development and refinement of this particular subreddit during that time. Perhaps a better match may be found elsewhere on reddit?  

No, dude... I don't think there was any gap in expectations, my post fits the subreddit's intentions perfectly.  I wanted a discussion about wood carving tools, and I got an endless litany of caveats you pulled out of your ass to make yourself the 'debate victor'.  Looks like the *true* intentions of your sub is to pick apart other people's posts **for your own vanity**.  Have fun lording over your precious subreddit...","She Finally Came In! My new Estwing Special 17"" camping hatchet. Pictured with my trusty handmade damascus pocket knife (~discussion of gear choices, elitism, extreme mod pedantry, and determination within~long read)::pen for scale::",1,False,thejustducky1
camping,,Beautiful place for Camping😍❤️,1,False,RakibulShifat
camping,,Fresno Ca.,1,False,Professional-Door161
camping,,"Camping in the Marysville Mountain in Victoria. Warm days, cold mountain streams and the best campfire made damper!",1,False,ArchScylla
camping,,Checking things from this snow storm,1,False,Airborne_68
camping,"The American West is unique with free dispersed camping in some areas on public land. My question, is this an American thing or do other countries have free dispersed camping? I guess I'm specifically interested in Germany and Austria.",Dispersed camping in Germany and Austria? Or other countries?,1,False,Succulentstomper
camping,,Kenosha area.,1,False,Creative_Friend5691
camping,"As I am sitting by my camp fire, watching it, tending it, waiting for it to die and to douse it; I thought to myself “Boy, I love my welding gloves, they make fire tending so easy.”  Obviously welding gloves and not generally on the camping gear list, but it’s so easy to tend to small campfires my just reaching in there and moving the wood around. So it got me thinking, what are the more obscure/ off label camping items that you love? Or what’s your fav item in general?",What is your best (obscure) camping purchase?,1,False,bobo4sam
camping,,Just outside Salida.,6,False,Creative_Friend5691
camping,,Last ones for the day.,10,False,dezmond737
camping,,"Camping in Green Water Valley, Death Valley National Park, CA. I set up camp inside this rock shelter in between the sites of Green Water and Furnace. High winds today, this shelter should do the trick.",13,False,LFPhotog
camping,,How do you organize your camping gear?,1,False,Kadenventures
camping,,Yokohama Geolandar X-AT G017 - Fitting &amp; Initial Impressions,4,False,4_Wheels_On_The_Road
camping,"I managed a private campground over 12 years asked me any thing. No question about ( KOA, NPS, STATE PARK).",Campground manager,1,False,fire5150
camping,,Bushcraft cooking a Roast chicken lunch,1,False,Bushcraftyouyou
camping,,Camping in Mayo FL. Sadie Mae is the goodest girl.,6,False,dezmond737
camping,,Apollo camping in AZ was popular a couple weeks ago so here's one more of him just outside of Grand Teton Natl Park last May.,1,False,wayler72
camping,,What are these little things? Found them on a walk,1,False,Ski_es
camping,Getting ready for a 4 night bikepacking trip. Is a canister of fuel enough or should I bring extra? I’m thinking I’ll only need it for coffee/hot chocolate twice a day and Mountain House meals. There’ll be three of us.,How much Jetboil fuel to take along?,1,False,borborygmess
camping,,Relaxing Hike/Camp Alone in New Zealand’s Mountains - Tramping the Earnslaw Burn - For Someone Stuck in Lockdown at the Moment and Yearns the Mountains (This is where they filmed the Hobbit and LOTR),1,False,ryanpurvisfilms
camping,,We had a special guest at our campsite. Joshua tree National park.,1,False,nirvroxx
camping,Me and a buddy are looking to do the North Truchas Peak loop in later March. What weather conditions should we anticipate? I figured there'll be snow but how bad is it?,"Pecos Wilderness, NM weather conditions in late March?",1,False,ipawnn00bz
camping,,"October camping. Minister Creek, Allegheny National Forest.",1,False,AdmiralMoonshine
camping,,Went on a overland camping trip last summer!,1,False,C4nopen3r1
camping,,Went on a overland camping trip last summer!,1,False,C4nopen3r1
camping,,Rooftop tent advice please! This was our previous setup until my husband’s Tacoma got totaled in a hit and run a few months ago. We bought a 2021 Suburu Outback as a replacement. My question: can the outback roof handle the weight of a rooftop tent with two adults sleeping in it?,1,False,mthackerson
camping,,Rooftop tent advice please! This was our previous setup until my husband’s Tacoma got totaled in a hit and run a few months ago. We bought a 2021 Suburu Outback as a replacement. My question: can the outback roof handle the weight of a rooftop tent?,1,False,mthackerson
camping,,You have to love no bugs winter camping!,2,False,Thomson-Woods
camping,,Simple life,1,False,ss-architects
camping,,Camping is awesome and winter camping with out the snow is even better.,2,False,theloneoverlander
camping,,Sunset Campfire in The Remote Red Rock Desert Of Northern Arizona. Can’t Wait to get back Here!,1,False,rayredstonemedia61
camping,,Beautiful norway,1,False,sillywhg
camping,,Lac Bouillouses ( -10°C ) - Pyrénées - France,1,False,kudo34
camping,,I've been doing a little bit of camping in Michigan this winter in my One Tigris hot tent.,1,False,rushsummers
camping,,What is the best and most cost effective 2 in 1 portable cooler and heater for a tent?,1,False,TurfToken
camping,,Great outdoors... can’t wait,1,False,Available_Paper_3861
camping,,Looks like Utah has less of a winter than Texas...,1,False,gdawg1687
camping,,hi im not new to camping but im no expert. i thought id just post this here if anyone would like to have a chat on the best camping spots in or near texas or just about some cool camping experiences youve had,1,False,outdoorsjoe
camping,,h,1,False,outdoorsjoe
camping,"Hey, I need a serious flashlight. No bells no whistles, no bs. One that will blind a bobcat, watertight but not waterproof, handheld with strong rechargeable batteries. A working man’s tool. You’ve been out there. Where do I look?",I need a no bs flashlight,1,False,rockadoodoo
camping,,Summer in Stratchcona Park on Vancouver Island.,1,False,30ftandayear
camping,Hoping someone can measure the length across of the otterbox 45 at it's base. Thanks!,Do you own an Otterbox 45?,1,False,AVeganGuy
camping,,Can’t wait to get back out! Electric scooter has been such an added bonus last season,1,False,ilyalit
camping,,Some photos from my last camp!,1,False,DS_Shadow
camping,,Stove is in the tent!,1,False,dezmond737
camping,,Before and after gear check for a Joshua Tree 2 day back country hike (: very excited as I’ve never been to J-Tree,1,False,TakeY0Cheekz
camping,,Just did my gear check for a simple 2 day hike through Joshua tree for my birthday tomorrow! Was hoping my ULA Circuit bag came in today but it’s too late :(,1,False,TakeY0Cheekz
camping,No more having to keep throwing things into the fire pit! These work great! And you'll help the entrepreneur live an independent life!,Support an autistic adult by buying JT Firestarters!,1,False,LappeM
camping,,"One of our favorite spots to camp near Las Vegas! Lake Mead National Park - Echo Bay (Camp Coordinate: 36.297712, -114.399848)",1,False,Kadenventures
camping,"Hi all! I am going to be living in a camper van for the summer and looking to double my living area with one of those screened in gazebos, but I can’t seem to find anything with a built in floor. I’ll be fairly protected from wind, but we can get severe rain and thunderstorms every so often. I’m also going to be working long days and I don’t want to have to take it down so I need something sturdy. Would be amazing if there were zip up walls too, but I’m not sure if those exist! Preferably available in Canada so I’m not paying huge import costs. Thanks!",Camping gazebo with a floor?,1,False,killerofwaffles
camping,"Thanks to the mods for allowing me to post this.

I'd like to take a quick second to let you guys know about a new subreddit \[VA Campers\] ([https://www.reddit.com/r/vacampers/](https://www.reddit.com/r/vacampers/)).

This new community is for all types of camping (overlanding, tent, backcountry, RVing) and activities (attractions, hiking, cool towns, etc.) to do while camping in Virginia and neighboring states.  I see there are a lot of posts here relating to Virginia, so I think some of you may enjoy the new sub.  So help me out, come on by and post your favorite places and things to do.",A new community for Virginia campers,1,False,new2me2019
camping,"Hey everyone, I live in Western PA and want to know some good camping spots in the area. Also, interested in WV, OH and NY areas that are a few hours drive from Pittsburgh. Does anyone have any reccomendations?",Camping in PA,1,False,Mental-Association51
camping,I'm 16 and have never been camping before and I'm thinking about going camping in the Catskills with some friends. I have been hiking up there before and have sort of scouted a few possible camping sites in nice areas but am completely new to camping. What's some basic advice for going camping?,Thinking about going camping and need some advice,1,False,The_Music_Never_Dies
camping,,First-time Winter Hammock Camping -17°,1,False,evanle5ebvre
camping,,happy camping Cute Travel Car Camp camper key Road sign Keychain https://moonaro.net/collections/keychain/products/happy-camping-cute-travel-car-i-camp-camper-key-road-sign-keychain-glass-cabochon-traveler-key-chain-goddess-charm,1,False,moonaro
camping,,"Late August at September Morn Lake, Montana",1,False,Pete_The_Chop
camping,,Found a great spot outside Canyonlands NP - We think Elon would fancy this site lol,1,False,Trekroll
camping,"Any recommendations for camping in Little Rock Arkansas; Amarillo, TX; Albuquerque, NM?

We are tenting but do want electric.

Mid March trip so any advice is welcome.
Thanks",Tent Camping in the US,1,False,ChristianSailing
camping,"Planning a camping trip to Franconia this summer and looking for any suggestions for camp sites. 

Trying to avoid grounds with a lot of families and RVs and more just tent camping. 

One of the best camping experiences I had was at a small campground near Acadia National park that was more “rustic” in that they had no on site staff, no running water, and only one outhouse for the grounds with a fire pit and picnic table at each site. Also had to carry all your gear to the site from a dirt lot in the front which was cool (about 5 minute walk uphill so not bad at all) Made it feel more remote like backpacking but with a little luxury. I loved the simplicity and feel of the site like that so looking for something similar hopefully! 

Would love any recommendations",Franconia New Hampshire Campground suggestions?,1,False,throwawayrenegade33
camping,,"One of the top 5 places I’ve pitched a tent... Del Norte Camp, Santa Cruz Island, Channel Islands NP, California.",1,False,Coffee_Bandit
camping,,Finished my camping gear. Now to get back in the woods,1,False,SeanP086
camping,,"Favorite camping spot from last summer, day to night to morning transition. Goat Mountain, WA! Sea of clouds was incredible!!",1,False,handlebar_handmades
camping,"I'm considering upgrading from my Coleman Classic to something in the $100-150 range. I was hoping for better low temp cooking. Has anyone made this transition, and was it worth it? Also, this is for car camping so backpacking rigs aren't necessary.",Is upgrading from Coleman Classic Stove worth it for Car Camping?,1,False,Kurtzislost
camping,,"One of the top 3 Sand dunes in mexico, 'dunas de bilbao' located in north México a few hours from Monterrey. Nice place to do some sandboarding &amp; camping. To get here just enter either of the next codes directly on google maps/gps: . 📍25.4266196, -102.8959761 📍C4G3+JJ Villa de Bilbao, Coahuila",3,False,Mexican_Iceberg
camping,,Camping in Australia,1,False,TGCK
camping,,3F UL GEAR 2019 Lanshan 2 Tent 2 Person Oudoor Ultralight Camping Tent 3 Season Professional 15D Silnylon Rodless Tent 4 Season From R1295.67,1,False,mikescoza
camping,,Top 11 Summer Camp Art Ideas for Young Children,1,False,leselfes
camping,"New to the reddit and seeking to get into camping, mainly solo but my concern is laws and regulations. While I intend to start small with campsites and parks, I do want to move on to wild camping and camping in the mountains. I need to know if anybody here has any idea on the laws in Georgia, USA about wild camping and camping that is not paid for or in national parks",Need information for future camping,1,False,LuckyMood0
camping,,"Does anyone have real world experience on the difference between a ""wedge"" shaped trailer and a ""square"" shaped one? MPG? Sway in the wind?",1,False,kotorisgood
camping,"Hey all! I'm planning on doing a lot more athletic camping (bringing multiple bikes, kayaks, etc) and it's going to be beyond what I can safely strap onto my truck and also fit humans. So I'm looking at 8-12ish foot trailers to put the gear into and keep safely locked up at the sites.  


I'm finding trailers seem to either be ""wedge"" shaped up front or more compact and ""box"" shaped. I would \*assume\* the wedge one would get better gas mileage but can't find any actual testing or comparisons online from real people not trying to sell me something. Do any of you have experience with these kind of things? I'd just like to hear some input, thanks a ton!","Anyone have eal word experience with ""wedge"" shaped pull behind trailers compared to the more traditional ""blocky"" ones?",1,False,kotorisgood
camping,"I have wanted to get a hot tent with a wood stove for several years now and I’m finally going to buy one. I need suggestions on a solo hot tent and wood stove that is good quality but not insanely expensive. All in maybe $400 tops. 

Ive browsed Amazon but everything there has very mixed reviews. To me the heat and ambiance of the wood stove is incredible and I want that but I also want a safe set up and I don’t want to break the bank. Appreciate any input!",Hot tent suggestions,1,False,pacoman432
camping,,Frozen pile of branches in the middle of lake forms comfortable and calming resting place.,1,False,1Risbo
camping,,"Inside this Mexican national park, you can explore 9 tunnels, from 100m up to 1.68km. They were meant for train tracks but never finished. . Nearby: ⛺Camping spots: yes 🏚Wood cabins: yes 💸Entry fee: Yes. GPS: . 📍23.7282192, -105.6871797",1,False,Mexican_Iceberg
camping,,"Visiting my old campsites around The Danube river, but flooded and frozen. it turned out to be a wonderful adventure.",1,False,1Risbo
camping,,"When life gives you snow make an angel. I love you Texas, stay warm.",1,False,Gi_Giv
camping,,"Fun to get out and sleep in the bush, having a woodstove makes it easy and warm.",1,False,dixopr
camping,,Hike to Frozen Waterfalls and Camping in a Homemade Teepee,1,False,ZombieHatred
camping,Hey all. I live in northern Florida and I am looking to do a little weekend getaway and find a nice spot in Georgia o camp overnight and sleep in the car. I would like to get a suggestion for a place that is quiet and with some pretty nature. Mountains are a plus! Any advice is welcomed. Ideally would like to drive max 6ish hours out to reach it.,Need help finding location to do an overnight car-camping.,1,False,fastengineerboi
camping,,Sorting thru some gear. Gonna trek out this weekend. NORTHEAST PA,1,False,Themusicalpro
camping,,Somewhere in North Georgia. Enjoy!,1,False,No_Consequence_2785
camping,"So, tomorrow I will do my first night out in the snow. Since it's the first time camping in winter, i will stay close to my car just to see how well i can nail it, so it will be quite safe. 
My concern is: should I stay well dressed inside the sleeping bag? Being only a night, insulation from the floor is not a problem, having enough things to insulate well other than a reflective sleeping mat, but the sleeping bag is not designed for winter, but i have prepared clothes that keep me warm outside in even cooler temperatures. Is that ok? I have clothes that kept me warm at -15°C while outside.
For food, high calories it's what I thought would be the best: fatty cheese, chocolate,...and? No nuts, I'm hyper allergic to them.
One pair of gloves should be enough, and they are mittens designed for skiing so they are pretty good at keeping warm.
Any tips would be great","Camping in winter, -5°C",1,False,Dedekind19
camping,,"Curious, for those of you that do backpack camping. Along with your tent do you bring a hammock as well? Debating if it’s worth it for just a quick evening setup instead of a tent on those beautiful nights. Not that it takes all that long to set a tent up.",1,False,Highgrowponics
camping,,I love going camping with no destination; found this gem of a spot during one of those adventures in British Columbia,1,False,itsmelexipoo
camping,,He's testing out our new sleeping bag.,1,False,cofflesandrooroo
camping,,Camping ROCKS!,1,False,generaljudy00
camping,,First time camping in two years,1,False,generaljudy00
camping,[removed],Best Dog Hiking Backpack,1,False,Hikingbackpacker
camping,,My Mr Buddy Heater shuts off after 30 minutes due to the green propane cylinder becoming icy cold and creating condensation on the outside. What is causing this and is there a remedy besides switching to an alternative heat souce?,1,False,brandonthebartender
camping,I love camping and live in Washington and you'd think those two would go hand in hand however I live in south east Washington which means that it's kind of a hell hole when it comes to outdoors activity's (at least for a lot of the stuff that I enjoy) so if anyone knows any good spots around southeastern Washington Hell good spots around Washington in general is appreciated. Thanks.,Anyone know good spots around south eastern washington?,1,False,xXFaZe_AlzheimersXx
camping,,Camping Lovers Gifts,1,False,KimWalton9
camping,,Camping Video Collection [ 4K Ultra HD ],1,False,lassiya
camping,,Soo cold but so nice waking up in the first snow.. #netherlands,1,False,marthijs86
camping,,Just a nice tarp settup.,1,False,marthijs86
camping,,Various winter camping photos (February 2021),1,False,HumbrolUser
camping,[removed],"Get Registered Passports, Driver License and ID Cards",1,False,Deborah491
camping,,Wood heater in camping,1,False,oosgnas
camping,"Stumbled across this upstart website. It's the least predictable content I've ever read and truly speaks to a subculture that doesn't really have a voice in the media landscape. You can follow them on insta @  thedirtlot

https://www.the-dirtlot.com/post/ski-town-landlords-are-lizard-people","Dope website for dirtbags, ski bums, etc",1,False,citruskid89
camping,Hey guys is anyone from Southern California? I live in Palm Springs and am looking for some camping people? We are planning a trip out to Blythe to camp swim and fish on the river. Anyone interested in going?,California!,1,False,Calipilot2020
camping,,My husbands idea of a fun camping trip.,1,False,emmmarrd2
camping,,"East Java, Indonesia 🔥",1,False,scaredwarrior666
camping,,Cover of Etta James,1,False,Any-Abbreviations871
camping,,Shrink your URLs and get paid!,1,False,Any-Abbreviations871
camping,"Hi All,

My mom has difficulty walking long distances, past knee surgery, and I've been contemplating on how to take her camping since she has never gone camping/hiking. She requires assistance entering or exiting vehicles with high clearance, going over tall curbs, or anything tall which involves bending the knee. I am researching places I can take her which I can drive up to the spot and requires minimal walking on certain parts (e.g. Yellowstone). For the sites that require walking like 2 or 3 miles to get to a spot, are there any recommendations anyone has or has seen that would allow me to get her there? I'm not saying a wheelchair, but I'm not saying something not like a wheelchair.


For reference:
She had the knee surgery over 15-20 years ago
She is approximately 5 ft 3
She is 67 years old",(Help) Take Mom Camping (past knee surgery),1,False,TurnipAclock
camping,"New to sub. I figured it a good place to ask.

I miss camping but need my CPAP. I have batteries, but they are short lived and heavy.

I'm looking for various options to off grid, to glamping, to sleeping in a car.

Recently became homeless for awhile and now seems important.

... I have access to a place to sleep now, with regular power, if ice storms do not kill it again. Just now seems prudent.",CPAP User,1,False,WyldeLoki
camping,,Had a blast out in southern Oregon this past weekend. Year 11 of an annual camping trip!,1,False,elislider
camping,,A nice sxs ride in Southern Missouri.,1,False,levans1717
camping,"“use the included NiMH rechargeable batteries for up to 12 hours or use 3 AA batteries for up to 29 hours.”



Motorola T260TP Talkabout Radio, 3 Pack https://www.amazon.com/dp/B01DM7AEYE/ref=cm_sw_r_cp_api_glt_fabc_3W2TMNFREZJ36VHRGPN1?_encoding=UTF8&amp;psc=1",I bought some walkie talkies and it came with a battery and also allows you to use your own AA....it says the supplied battery provides 12 hours or use AA for 29 hours. Why the difference?,1,False,gimmesomewhiskey
camping,"Hi all,

Me and my kiddo have good sun-zero rated bags, foam pads etc. so we have that portion of gear covered. We also have a roof top tent but we’ve been experiencing some windy conditions and that sucker really makes a lot of noise, even after I’ve accounted for loose cables and stuff. We are looking for a ground tent that is affordable yet deflects the wind at least moderately better than the rtt so we can sleep better at night. Hoping to find one that is big enough for our sleeping bags and mr buddy heater. We don’t want 10-20mph wind noise to be a barrier to camping. Any tips or suggestions are greatly appreciated. Thanks!",Affordable Tent for Windy/Cold conditions,1,False,bamboozled_heck
camping,,How Small Business Can Benefit From Personal Loans | Slick Cash Loan,1,False,joanieggdiliber
camping,"Hey folks,

I am looking for frequent campers to interview for a university assignment. If you are bothered by mosquitoes when trying to enjoy your time in nature because you are unable to properly deter them, I would love to talk to you to hear more about this issue. The interview would take place on zoom, be a maximum of thirty minutes and, if you are okay with it, recorded. Please feel free to reach out!",Interviewees wanted!,1,False,megf026
camping,,SE Idaho!,1,False,mcgillicutti7
camping,,Out Camping and I find Free Mill Gold by Crushing some Rocks!!,1,False,Busted_knuckles_Gold
camping,,Caribou 18” stove came in for my wall tent. Doing it’s initial burn. Love this thing already. Sadie is wondering why I put perfectly good stick in the stove.,1,False,dezmond737
camping,I ordered two Mountain Hardware sleeping bags (the rook) but their customer service cannot answer whether it zips together even though on their website it says that it does. I am pretty irritated with them so I am looking to purchase a down sleeping bag from another seller that can zip together. Was looking for something with down insulation that goes down to about 15. Thanks!,"Looking for a lightweight, backpacking, down sleeping bag that you can zip 2 together.",1,False,AlGuMa27
camping,,"Just got a new tent! I am having a hard time finding an appropriate sized footprint/ground cloth for it... any recommendations? It is 14'x9 (168""x108).",1,False,sunbathingturtle207
camping,,Bivi’s and Bevvies,1,False,FootOk7073
camping,,A full camping kit for £230! I put this together to help people starting out in the wold of wild camping. I hope it helps.,1,False,HazeOutdoors
camping,,MEDIEVAL TIMES DINNER &amp; TOURNAMENT | ORLANDO FLORIDA | DINNER THEATRE,1,False,Bearfootrvlife
camping,,Cherry pie pie iron. *Redeeming my original post with before and after.,2,False,odysseyoftangerine
camping,"Hi everyone. Questions about my stove in regards to winter camping. I own a hot tent but it will be too small to fit 4 people. I do own a 6 person, screened in porch, Coleman tent. I looked up the specs and it doesn't specifically say fire retardant. After some googling, I am still stuck. Do you know if I will be able to use a stove jack on my 6 person tent and use my stove with it? I just do not want the tent melting and causing us harm. I planned on putting something down on the ground so the stove doesn't burn through my floor. Any advice would be great, thanks!",Advice on Winter Tent and Stove,1,False,Cyber-Jesuus
camping,,Top Ten Best Dog Hiking Backpack of 2021............,1,False,Hikingbackpacker
camping,,Grab the day by the balls people !,1,False,SamfromGlasgow
camping,,Camping trip,1,False,WarpedToad
camping,,‘Bama Hills w/ My Son.,1,False,kepdotexe
camping,,Map shows which U.S. states spend the most on RVs per capita,1,False,JonesinJames
camping,,"Ever Wondered Which 12 v fridge would be best for your applications. We test Engel, ARB, Waeco and Snomaster. Power Consumption, 12 hour, 24 hour Test. Insulation test. Fridge Cycling Test. The science behind the tests.",1,False,ExpeditionExtreme
camping,,A little lakeside valentine date,1,False,PurpleWhatevs
camping,,No power? No problem.,8,False,JackTWack
camping,,Those who are love to camping they will know about tent. I'm here to share with you two durable tent ( Tepui VS CVT) that makes with same materials have but in this article It's presents some specific things that helps you to choose helpful tent. Here is the link,1,False,Afroza_Sultana_7
camping,,The Channel Islands is the best camping you can do off California's Coast,1,False,Dandriate
camping,,"Just a white night in Lapland, Finland on the Three countries border",6,False,ILUVYOURMUM
camping,"Hey everyone, I’m planning a camping trip for the first weekend in March and I’m looking at places about 45 min- 1 hour away. I’m about 30 min north of Pittsburgh,PA so that would be where we are going from. We are going to be tent camping, and I would prefer to go somewhere where we don’t need a permit. Any suggestions are welcome!",Camping in Pittsburgh,2,False,metalbabe14
camping,"We're considering purchasing a Kodiak Flex-Bow 10x14 canvass tent. Does anyone own a Kodiak tent? Is buying one worth the money? One of the main reasons we're considering canvass is they aren't supposed to leak. However, we know canvass tents are heavy and take longer to set up. (We aren't backpacking) Are they worth those inconveniences?

 Any information would be greatly appreciated! 
.  

Thanks so much.",Question about Kodiak tents,2,False,Suziw331
camping,"Recently received our Shiftpod2 and I’m getting anxious to get out there! Any groups that get together? If not, anyone interested in starting one? These are luxurious and I can’t wait to mod this out!",Anyone ready for camping season?,1,False,Sindustry8
camping,"A bit spur of the moment, leaving in a few weeks for a trip and want to camp during it. Thinking of doing it around Joshua Tree or Big Sur...
Have never camped before, but feel the pull to be with the Great Mother, ground, meditate and hike. 
Any advice you'd give for a first timer? Good resources? I'll have my car with me (not sure if that helps anything). 
Thanks in advance!","First time camping, and going solo. Not too much time to prepare, looking for advice.",1,False,tuddalovin
camping,"Sure maybe it's against the rules, but you kind folk here inspire me in all sorts of ways to get outside. I love Cotopaxi, and as a Utah local, I can't help but support a local company! They've got great marketing, in fact, they sent me a 20% coupon, so I bought a puff! 

Then they sent me another one.

… and that brings us here. So, whoever can guess where my last weekend adventure was (or whoever is closest) will get the code for 20% off.",COTOPAXI is the BEST and the WORST. HA.,1,False,slagazzy
camping,,"Thunderstorm camping in Lake St Clair, NSW, Australia",1,False,duckduckloose
camping,What are your favorite camping stoves and grills?,Camping stoves and grills.,1,False,footnotesforever
camping,,Tallulah river campground is a must visit during the rainy season,1,False,jakecairns
camping,,I went on my first solo camping trip. Got hit by the winter weather storm in Texas.,1,False,Admirallani
camping,,My favorite place,1,False,Bouska24
camping,,"Ticks, scorpions, snakes &amp; baboons! This is the Cederberg Nature Reserve. About 3hours north of Cape Town, South Africa 🇿🇦 Some are lucky to have cold weather &amp; snow. We’re dying in +40c!! Happy camping! 😬✌🏻#jasonkemm #camp_with_jason #moments_in_motion #jpro5ive",1,False,jpro5ive
camping,,Bad 4 season tent,1,False,OutfitterforU
camping,I need recommendations for a winter women’s sleeping bag. Do you have a favorite? I am doing a multi day trip. Weight is a consideration. Thank you!,Women’s Winter Sleeping Bag,1,False,siximp0ssiblethings
camping,"Hi. I'm looking for an easier way to inflate my sleeping pad. Mostly car camping so a little extra weight doesn't hurt me. I am asking in particular about something that would fit the aircore's intake valve.
Please don't judge me :). I have some nerve damage in my hands that makes the ""normal"" way of inflating challenging.",I'm looking for a hand or foot air pump to help me fill my big agnes aircore sleeping pad,1,False,wthom4s
camping,"Hello! 

&amp;#x200B;

I was looking for something to put over a sunroof of a car that would allow it to be open (for ventilation) but also keep rain out. 

&amp;#x200B;

&amp;#x200B;

Advise? Recommendations?",Sunroof rain cover for car camping,1,False,hammie81
camping,,Teardrop Camping w. 🐈 by the 🌊- Little Guy Mini Max Tab,1,False,CliftAdventures
camping,"Camping in SoCal, need suggestions for decent tents. One that will fit couple of cots.  Going to start off car camping then hopefully backpacking.  
Any tips/equipment that I might not think of as a new camper? 
Basically my shopping list includes: shelter, food/water, and first aid.","New to camping, need suggestion!",1,False,RandomNurseMan
camping,,"Sunrise on Lake Powell, AZ/UT border, USA",1,False,markbass305
camping,,Tough Hook Outdoor Gear Hanger 15% OFF - Coupon Code: PRES15,1,False,BIGPAYDAY22
camping,,"Hi, me and fellow classmates are in a class named EDD in school, we have to create a invention or innovation that would affect our life. We chose something that applied to camping, it would be amazing if you could help by filling out this survey. Thanks!",1,False,glizzygladiator58
camping,"Hello! (TLDR at bottom)

My boyfriend and I are hoping to do a big Europe road trip this summer (if COVID allows it). We want to make the experience as close to nature as possible (and hopefully cut down on spending in the process) by camping as much as we can. Thinking of going through Belgium, Germany, Czech Republic (specifically Prague), Switzerland and France (then back to the UK). We will be driving in a car but will be camping in a tent; it is a very small car, too small to comfortably sleep in for 3 weeks, so would appreciate any places that have parking too. 

We have no specific areas we want to follow yet and are in the baby stages of planning this journey! Would very much appreciate any advice/recommendations people can give for pretty places to camp in these areas. 

TLDR: my boyfriend and I are doing a road trip through Belgium, Germany, Prague, Switzerland and France and would appreciate any recommendations on where to camp!",Europe road trip camping suggestions (details in comments),1,False,bbyvilla
camping,,Camping on BLM land outside the valley of fire,1,False,SoggyFuckBiscuit
camping,,"Dreaming of spring and camping. I started this Camp'n Wagon build last summer but haven't fished the interior. I have the woodstove, solar and 12 volt appliances ready to go as soon as the weather warms up. It had icicles on it his morning.",1,False,solar-cabin
camping,,Winter snow camping with my 11 year old,1,False,MechaSheep
camping,,Winter snow jcamping with my 11 year old,1,False,MechaSheep
camping,I’ve just bought a very expensive (Sea to Summit - £175) sleeping pad. Should I be putting a foam mat underneath it to protect it from stabby things under the tent that could puncture it?,Foam mat under a sleeping pad?,1,False,Mannyboy87
camping,,Which place in the western part of the US is warmest to camp in March?,1,False,Chrissyspeaks
camping,,Trying to win a ORION 35 cooler VOTE SO I WIN IT PLEASE EVERY VOTE COUNTS,1,False,Baxstreettyer
camping,,"My daughter and I canoeing down Linda Lake in Algonquin Park, September 2020",1,False,CodeMeInDev
camping,,Mount Whitney was really showing off this past weekend.,3,False,mrtipinfold
camping,[deleted],Mount Whitney was really showing off this past weekend.,1,False,[deleted]
camping,[deleted],Mt. Whitney was really showing off this past weekend.,2,False,[deleted]
camping,,Short camping trips (1-2 nights) vs long camping trips (3+ nights)... Which ones do you think are best and why?,1,False,stormxoxo69
camping,,Chocolate Cherry Cobbler with a Marshmallow glaze from this summer on a weekend getaway,1,False,soarky325
camping,"Hi,

I picked up the Vango Vista 800 for £20 in a second hand store and I have since pitched and re-waterproofed the tent (everything is fine).

I am interested in extending the tent with a porch/awning but there is no specific model available which is made for it, as the tent was created for Go Outdoors, who did not want an awning designed.

Can anybody recommend a suitable awning for this tent? I have so far looked at the Hi-Gear Universal Porch and the Vango Tigris 800 porch, which both look suitable.

Thanks,",Tent awning for Vango Vista 800,1,False,misteranthropissed
camping,,Rodna Mountains. Such a morning.,1,False,R08it
camping,,Camping in the Welsh Brecon Beacons last summer,1,False,flappyforeskin_
camping,,Pasé de una tienda de campaña para mochileros para 2 personas a este tráiler emergente de 1981 que heredé de mi abuelo. ¡Se siente tan elegante!,1,False,No_Shoe835
camping,,"the Subpolar Urals, lake",1,False,Lily0051
camping,"Hello!

I'm looking to start camping in a month or so and want to have my bases covered with regard to things I'll need. I know that everyone's needs are different, so a few quick things:

\- I just purchased a camping hammock on Amazon, so my tent is taken care of in that regard (though I would gladly accept suggestions on ground tents as well!)

\- I am looking for suggestions on a backpack, boots, sleeping bag, flashlight, lightweight camp chair, food things, etc.). I plan to get into backpacking and traveling fairly frequently, so any and all advance is welcome to a 'newcomer' of sorts like myself.

I'd very much appreciate any guidance you can provide!",Comprehensive Setup Question(s).,1,False,JJ_SIGH
camping,,Three Years of Time-lapse,1,False,Batyams
camping,,Mojave Camping! (Coordinates + Experience),1,False,notafilmmajor425
camping,,Good morning happy campers,1,False,SamfromGlasgow
camping,"Hello, I and my husband moved to the US last year and we are thrilled to see the camping culture here. We are looking forward to go for camping after winters and have started researching about the gears. We are planning to start with car camping and then try the bag packing. Not sure if it is relevant - we live in Raleigh, NC but would be travelling to various places across the states. 

We have done some research on tents and have nailed down our requirements to - 3person, 3 season, no hard requirement on free/semi/non-free standing, preferably &lt; 4lbs, atleast 1 vestibule, has mesh/window for star-gazing as well. Any suggestion for a tent that will cost &lt; USD250 ? (open to shell out few extra bucks if it is really worth it)

Appreciate any suggestions.",camping tents for newbies,1,False,Efficient-Reply6110
camping,hey i’m in upstate new york and looking for about 3 night camping/backpacking trips to do in early summer. please help me out and give me some ideas :),looking for good 3 night trips,1,False,12marirose
camping,,Solo Camping &amp; Hiking in the Philippines,1,False,LabelleVie89m
camping,,"Car Camping before the deep freeze. Not overly scenic, but in the woods nonetheless. :)",1,False,Simonite64
camping,"I am planning a trip to Lake Mead for 2 nights (Fri-Sun) around late March or early April.  There are quite a number of campsites that are first come, first serve.  Questions:
- Where do you recommend to camp?  We are novice campers so prefer places with toilet facilities and potable water.
- Do you have any suggestions on increasing the likelihood of getting a site (or are there enough that this isn’t a concern)?
- Do you have any recommendations on hikes or places to see while camping there?

Thanks in advance for your guidance!",Availability of campsites near Lake Mead,1,False,JJsbff
camping,"So I’m in the market for a new tent and am on the fence about a couple of them. What are y’all’s experience with canvas tents? Also are the REI co-op tents any good. Have heard mixed things about those. Not looking for a backpacking tent so weight isn’t an issue. Also looking for something with flexibility in terms of weather (cold, snow, rain, heat). Thanks in advance!",Tent Recommendations,1,False,ophiuchus3
camping,"I was wondering if anyone had any good recommendations for sites at Wilderness State park. Is there tent sites that are better than others? I have read mix reviews. Some people say the sites are really close together and others say you cant tell your in a camp ground.

Any other campgrounds around that area that might be more secluded? Trying to stay mainland but wouldnt might going a touch into UP if there's better spots.

&amp;#x200B;

Thanks",Wilderness State Park MI questions,1,False,Mupen90
camping,,Sonic the hedgehog in my camp fire.,1,False,2DamnRoundToBeARock
camping,,"Abandoned Mansion, Do I go inside and explore?",1,False,clammi_YouTube
camping,,This is the Chuck Box I built to hold all my food and cooking supplies while camping out of my truck camper.,1,False,Blake_Haskins
camping,"We love our a-frame camper, but hated the lack of interior storage. In this video we will walk you through our IKEA hack for adding interior storage to our Rockwood A192HW camper. We were able to complete this DIY project for under $200 using the IKEA Lixhult Cabinets. This DIY would also work on similar campers including the Rockwood A122 or Flagstaff T19QBHW. 

[https://youtu.be/Pch8jwUgcME](https://youtu.be/Pch8jwUgcME)

[A-Frame Camper Ikea Cabinets Storage Hack - YouTube Thumbnail](https://preview.redd.it/arof8pu5ijh61.jpg?width=500&amp;format=pjpg&amp;auto=webp&amp;s=1a3a2980ba3422a0e28138236841e7455923274b)",A-Frame Camper Ikea Cabinets Storage Hack,1,False,The-Ohayo-Dev
camping,,Hi I am a 14 year old boy. I have been wanting to go solo backpacking would it be safe and what would I need.,1,False,isaac_hyp
camping,,"Crazy rain storm the first night and a bit wetter the next few days than anticipated but Fremont Peak State Park, CA was something to behold.",1,False,zoeeeboeee
camping,What's the backpack size you usually bring to like 7+ day trips in cold winter conditions? Is 70L enough?,"Backpack size in winter camping conditions -10, -20°c",1,False,snowandwinter
camping,[removed],My experience with the best camping tool that has ever been created,1,False,simoxx8
camping,"For those of you who use blue barrels as a means of storing food in a bear-resistant/scent-resistant container, **where do you purchase the barrels?**  I'm in the market for several of them (either 2 60L barrels, or 4 30L barrels) and the markup appears to be significant. 

There are many people reselling them online; however, I have a few concerns.  First, the resellers are marking up the prices significantly...most are near the price of new containers.  Second, there's really no telling what may have been stored inside them while they were in the possession of the reseller(s).  The market appears to be flooded with blue barrels which were used to store diabetes medicine, which renders the barrels no longer safe for containing food...however, the resellers don't seem to be overly concerned about that.  Isn't the point of these barrels generally to store food? Am I being overly cautious? 

My question, then: where can I go to buy straight-up food grade barrels from a reputable source?

These barrel systems are popular for people doing river trips, and I know a few of you have probably already dealt with these questions. Thanks in advance for any insights you may have!","Finding safe, refurbished/renewed food grade blue barrels",1,False,qfor
camping,,Looking through the weeds at Grand Teets in Grand Teton National Park OC = @daltonjohnsonmedia [1000x667],1,False,daltonjohnsonmedia
camping,i am new camper. am i would like a good knife .any recomasions,good camping knife,1,False,ben_forever
camping,,Went ice fishing this Gamily Dat weekend and camped in the ice. -36*C. Good times.,1,False,blackgold63
camping,,"camping l´almuravella | Visitamos este camping en CUDILLERO, ASTURIAS. |...",1,False,Alive-Natural-6292
camping,,"So simple setup, yet I miss this little home with all this staying at home.",1,False,nerdakos
camping,,Our challenge: camp at least once every month for a year. Progress: 9 down 3 to go,1,False,PocoJenny
camping,,Donald Trump Lally Sleeping peacefully,1,False,BidFinancial2245
camping,,Winter camping,1,False,TDabasinskas
camping,,How to start a fire with wet wood!,1,False,burcar
camping,[removed],THE BEST RV TACTICLIGHT XFLASHLIGHT,1,False,Oshatopsy
camping,,Wuling unveils its first camping-ready truck,1,False,SnooTigers1735
camping,,"Camping the Ya Ha Tinda in Alberta, Canada. It was -40 overnight but nice and warm in the tent. Such a beautiful area, I look forward to camping there in the summer.",1,False,Overland_Alberta
camping,,Fastpacking overnighter photies,1,False,quackers_duck
camping,,Sharing warm and colorful night with friend!!!,1,False,Money_bull47
camping,,Fastpacking overnighter photies,1,False,quackers_duck
camping,[removed],Backpacking/hiking meals - questionnaire,1,False,hikerMarty
camping,"Hey everyone! So I’ve been looking to reserve a camp ground in September and October but all those weekend are already booked up, even though you can only book 6 months in advance. Does anyone know if I actually missed the booking rush or is that normal for it to be showing no vacancy already before the actually booking allowance? OR are group sites only available since those are twelve months out? I appreciate any help on this! Thanks!","Shenandoah National Park reserving camping spot (Mathew’s arm, Big meadow. Etc.)",1,False,BigBlue_RTR19
camping,,"Camping in the middle of the bush. Right in front, the steam of the Victoria Falls. [OC]",1,False,luzas4luciii
camping,,Halls Gap,1,False,BADE66
camping,,Fire dragon,1,False,BADE66
camping,,Let’s camp,1,False,BADE66
camping,,Winter tarp camping,1,False,MillennialInTheWild
camping,,"Great day at ""El Chaltén"", Argentina",1,False,Chemical-4
camping,,Sonnenuntergang in Kalabrien,1,False,HippoSafe3187
camping,,Camping in the middle of the bush. Looking right into the steam of the Victoria Falls. [OC],1,False,luzas4luciii
camping,,Camping in the middle of the bush. The last picture is the steam of the Victoria Falls. [OC],1,False,luzas4luciii
camping,,Camping in the middle of the bush. The last picture is the steam of the Victoria Falls. [OC],1,False,luzas4luciii
camping,,"Camping in the middle of the bush. In the ladt picture, the steam of the Victoria Falls. [OC]",1,False,luzas4luciii
camping,,What’s up fellow campers! Wild camping in South Africa. Cederberg mountains. 3hrs north of Cape Town. I slept under the stars with a troop of wild baboons about 200m away. Awesome stuff! Check out the video here — https://youtu.be/z58vmnqzqg4,1,False,jpro5ive
camping,"&amp;#x200B;

https://preview.redd.it/fnuo56ze0fh61.jpg?width=4032&amp;format=pjpg&amp;auto=webp&amp;s=9249492091c90a858a39bb6c48191f1b363b9f2b",Camping in the desert and campfire color matches the sky color,1,False,Nearby_Permit1059
camping,,"Camping Peruca in Garjak, Croatia. Little part of Paradise!",1,False,perjez
camping,,Camp life😍,1,False,RakibulShifat
camping,,The UAE's Deadliest Hiking Trail,1,False,Parisnorriss
camping,,Decided to post one of my favorite sunrises while camping for my cake day. Nothing beats a Nevada hot spring.,1,False,Annaleise182
camping,,My first camp prep/pack!,1,False,_Tekkers_
camping,,Van life,1,False,RakibulShifat
camping,,Winter camping fun,2,False,dixopr
camping,"The amazing scenery of the scenic rim! So close to a lot of activities, bushwalks, lakes, swimming holes and so much more! Drop by and get 4 Wheels On The Road now!

\#4\_wheels\_on\_the\_road

*Processing img tj6a9ezndch61...*

*Processing img md2c3czndch61...*",Peaceful and beautiful camping on the Logan River?,1,False,4_Wheels_On_The_Road
camping,Are there any good apps that show public land versus private land to find good dispersed camp spots?,Good app to show public land,1,False,wildman_ty
camping,,Night Site CO,1,False,IrishSpredHed89
camping,"I am planning an overnight trip from Vegas towards the end of March. I haven't spent much time desert camping, so I am looking at an overnight trip either at Joshua Tree or Zion. Looking for feedback for those of you that have been to either.

At Joshua Tree, I would probably reserve a site at Indian Cove or try to get one of the first-come-first-serve sites. We will be leaving in the morning on a Thursday, so there is a chance we could get a good site if we risk it.

At Zion, I would try to get a site at the South Campground. 

Thanks!",Joshua Tree or Zion,1,False,Peinecone
camping,,Why doesnt anyone use webbing to hike with? It's extremely useful kit! How did this never take off?,1,False,Viking893
camping,,Some recent photos from our trip to Ginnie Springs in Florida! Campfire and some star photography!,1,False,TheDeepEndYT
camping,"Hi all, I'm getting back into camping after many many years absence. I have bought plenty of gear. I have been missing a sleeping mat because I had no idea which one I should go for. Im hoping for some suggestions. The tent I have is a Highlander blackthorn. I'm hoping for something affordable, but am open to suggestions for good gear that will last. I am from Northern Ireland if any UK campers have any weather appropriate suggestions!",1 man tent sleeping mat ideas?,1,False,r0wl4nd91
camping,,"Camping, Adventure &amp; Outdoors! All sorts of cool, fun stuff. Check out https://jpro5ive.co.za for more. Smash the gallery page for my latest camping shenanigans! Follow my #moments_in_motion @jpro5ive on Instagram.",1,False,jpro5ive
camping,,"You clicked the link! Thanks, you’re too much! I camped in my bivy tent, keeping things nice &amp; simple. We had only 1 pot each &amp; fashioned our own utensils to eat. Just another awesome camp, as always! Very sweet! 😬🤙🏻",1,False,jpro5ive
camping,,"Howzit all! Please help. Posted a photo earlier, no problem. Now when I hit the + button (on phone) to post another photo, I only have the 1 recent photo, NO access to the library? Why? What am I missing? Is it a “limit” thing? Thanks! 🤙🏻",1,False,jpro5ive
camping,,"Camping, Adventure &amp; Outdoors — South Africa, Western Cape! All cool camping related stuff! Check out my site for more. Happy days fellow camping legends! 😬✌🏻",1,False,jpro5ive
camping,,"What’s up fellow campers! New here, no clue what to do. Please help!?",1,False,jpro5ive
camping,"Hello everyone! My birthday is in mid July and my tradition the last couple of years has been to take a camping trip. In the past I’ve kayaked through Algonquin provincial Park and done an overnight in a campground in Rocky Mountain national park. I Recently moved to Washington and would like to do a trip along the coast with a campsite on the beach. I’m pretty well set up to do either car camping, Backpack it in, or boat-in.  I have a dog and would prefer to bring her along, which makes Olympic national Park not an option (assuming like other parks they don’t allow dogs on the trails).  My vehicle is four-wheel-drive capable so some rough roads to get to a destination are doable. The dog does well in the kayak so a boat-in site on calm waters is an option. I am looking to spend two nights and I would prefer to be in the same place both nights so that I can relax a bit. I welcome any and all suggestions:)",PNW transplant looking for trip suggestions on the coast,1,False,NeedsMustTravel
camping,,"Perfect conditions for day-camping in the mountains. Viken, Norway",1,False,creative_userid
camping,,A Dozen Spectacular RV Parks for Winter Camping,1,False,Frequent_Reaction_30
camping,,True Story,1,False,southboundclown
camping,I live in NYC so find places to camp is a hard task. I don’t have a car that I can use to travel there. Anyone know any camping places near Queens NYC?,Camping places in NYC?,1,False,tasfiazaman
camping,,Me and my kids,1,False,MuchaBucha
camping,,One pot ramen on trianga in -3c (26.6f),1,False,CheesecakeWarm
camping,"Hello,   I love the idea of camping on the beach, i dont know where to start, im looking for a free campsites on the Georgia-Savanah coast to something in North Florida so i dont have to travel too far,
 Ive been all over the internet looking for answers but it feels like i can only find sites i have to pay for 
My goal is to pack a cooler and only need gas money to get there and back. 
Where should i look for spots? 
What about my vehicle,
Idealy if i could sleep in my car amd park where theres a public shower/bathroom  that whould be just as good as setting up a tent",To sleep on sand,1,False,MrTiddyMeat
camping,"Hi! I'm a product designer in Chicago working on a small side project to design a really good camping checklist app. **I'm looking to talk to people who car camp and/or backpack** and who have either made their own lists before or found it not worth the hassle.

Format would be via **Zoom**. I can offer you a **$20 REI gift card** as a small thank you for your time.

**DM me your email** and a sentence or two about your camping/backpacking habits if you're interested. I'm looking for **5 participants this round** but there will be more in the future 🤘",Looking for people to test a camping checklist app concept via Zoom. $20 REI gift card for 30-45 min of your time,1,False,nik2k
camping,[deleted],60% off Garmin Vivoactive 3 today on Amazon,1,False,[deleted]
camping,,me irl.lol,1,False,ynndnxndnx
camping,"Reddit, Im waiting on warmer weather to go camping for the first time ever, aside from Army “camping.” To add to that, I am bringing my 5 and 3 year old boys. What are some tips or recommendations? Also what are the essentials you wish you had on your first trip?",Newb Camper with kids.,1,False,eldiabloco
camping,,Winter maintenance,1,False,Highgrowponics
camping,,"Naruto Shippuden, Chapter 1",1,False,DependentSkin8702
camping,,This fire pit,1,False,Olliei456
camping,,"Coffee at the pond on the propety of my grandpartens. never saw that much snow here, one of my favorite paces to relax",1,False,Splasheroni
camping,,Cosy raining car camp at the beach.,1,False,chesuscream
camping,,"North Cascades, Washington State. August 2020",1,False,SharkWeeeeek
camping,,Secret beach cove.,1,False,PacCoastRambler
camping,,Perfect coastal day.,1,False,PacCoastRambler
camping,"I'm interested in camping for free (or cheap as possible) in areas I have not yet explored. Mostly in Utah if that matters. I would like to take advantage of BLM land when beginning my camping trips by car, but it is a bit intimidating driving 2+ hours, not knowing if you can safely and legally camp in a spot identifiable as BLM land from a map.

Basic google research tells me that I can camp anywhere on BLM land with certain restrictions. But I am concerned with the information the blm.gov website doesn't give me. They would have me believe I can camp almost anywhere on BLM land without a permit, but I have heard stories of people getting ticketed for camping on BLM land, or particular areas being unsuitable for camping. I know BLM land is free and I'm not going to be able to just drive in and have a picnic and firepit waiting for me (although for some it does seem that easy), but I can't be the only one to boondock in unfamiliar places on BLM land.

So I guess my question is, how do y'all get peace of mind when picking a spot to camp in the wilderness when far from home? Are there any specific apps or communities or websites you recommend? Are the blm.gov maps up to date? 

Again, I know BLM land isn't going to have the same luxuries of renting a pull-in spot at a KOA, but people seem to have success boondocking and car camping on BLM land. For my specific purposes I would be tent camping within a mile or so from my car (has 4x4), but I use the term car-camping because it's not BLM land I am familiar with, and I have to deal with parking my car somewhere.

So, any help would be appreciated.

TLDR; what ways can a beginner get peace of mind car-camping on BLM land?",Beginner's Guide to wilderness camping (free)?,1,False,SquallyB
camping,,"ITAP Sunset, camping in Erie PA 2020.",1,False,Suziw331
camping,[removed],Carriage RV &amp; Lifestyle RV Owners Club &amp; Forum,1,False,BW_Carriage
camping,[removed],Looking for Tent Advice - First timer,1,False,Substantial-Falcon-8
camping,"Hi Reddit. What are some large, cold weather tents do you all recommend? Thanks in advance",Best tents for camping in cold weather?,1,False,KinaGrace96
camping,,It was cold so we slept inside 🥶,1,False,drunkbackpacker
camping,"Greetings, denizens of r/camping! I need your help!

I’m planning a month-long western US road/camping trip with my doggerino and am coming to you all for advice! I basically want the epic national park loop experience, but national forest instead so I can dispersed camp with the pup. Buuuut it’s hard to find information on specific parts of the national forests. I know many secret spots are closely guarded, but are there any you are willing to share? 

Bonus points for being national park-adjacent for the possibility of day trips! 

Thanks!!!!",Best dispersed camping in western US?,1,False,Leonardo_DiCapriSun_
camping,,Whoever said overlanding is boring doesn't know what he was talking about. Check out the video,1,False,Odd_Palpitation_9603
camping,"Went winter camping with my girlfriend. Thrilling experience but got a few tips that could help others. We had green spruce branches under us as well as sheep fur. We combined our sleeping bags together, got blanket over us and 2 layers of every clothing... We had simple tarp above us.

About wood:

* Most of the wood will be dry since there is no liquid water in winter so you will have no problem finding some spruce branches for starting the fire.
* Wood is dry, but hard to find... Most of the wood is covered by thick blanket of snow so your main source of wood will be standing/fallen trees
* Thus... 2 hands : 1 axe is a good ratio... thank me later...
* You won't have fire in the night... so deal with it...

Camping:

* Good ground isolation is absolute must!
* Another ones body warm is great but sleeping is worse then...
* Your roof will probably get damp from your breath so keep that in mind...

And also... most of your things that you plan to do won't probably be doable since you will be cold af, we planned on heating some stones to keep us warm during night... But we survived, got ideas for better next time... So hope this helps someone else too ;)

[https://imgur.com/a/](https://imgur.com/a/dEsJUbX)  
\*Our last fire before sleeping, girlfriend for scale :D",Winter camping in Czech Republic - Jeseníky... It was probably -14°C and 20 and more cm of snow...,1,False,Kappybara_reddit
camping,I'm in the northeast US and I have a typical easy set up 6-person Coleman tent. Need some advice in keeping the inside of the tent warm.,Need advice for keeping the inside of your tent warm in the winter.,1,False,AnonKing
camping,"I've been looking for a practical celestial navigation book for the intent of camping and hiking, I can only find advanced sailing type of content though, do you guys know any reading that could help me?",Any Practical Celestial Navigation Book?,1,False,brunocbbc
camping,,"Super soft, great fit! I’m 5’3” 150lbs G cup, fits so well!",1,False,hamiltonuijkv
camping,Let's save the obvious where were you camping comment on every picture post.,Request: require the location be included in trip reports and photos,1,False,tndasi
camping,"These advance solar generators can be kept charged with solar panels, AC power (when avail), 12v Car outlet, gas generator or even from a small wind turbine. 

This gives you more ways to keep your essential items running during a power outage or have portable power for camping &amp; outdoor events.  An advanced solar generator that's built here in the USA. 

[https://www.deltaforcepower.com](https://www.deltaforcepower.com)

&amp;#x200B;

*Processing img fv8apydfx3h61...*",Advanced Solar Generator That Charges With OR Without The Sun!,1,False,BodyGun
camping,,Guy do you know this thing and where can I get its parts ?,1,False,Dry_Citron_9800
camping,,Some place in the Mexican cierra campaign site,1,False,Visual-Collar8481
camping,"My partner and I have booked every aspect of our 2-day Rim to Rim trek including the South Rim campsite, shuttle, and a Bright Angel campsite (even the steak dinner at Phantom Ranch to cut back on pack weight). We tried desperately to get a North Rim campsite or room at the lodge on both reservation opening days, but they were sold out immediately. Any advice on where to stay on **Sunday, June 20th**, the night before our trek?

We planned to be on the trail by 5am for heat considerations, and worry that camping outside the park will affect the heat-conscious schedule. For example, Kaibob Lodge has space, but the shuttle arrives at the trailhead at 6am, placing us in the Box between 10-11am. 

Any advice is appreciated. Also, if you're staying at the North Rim on June 20th and have space for 1 ultralight tent, we will lowkey pay you to cowboy camp. Help!",Grand Canyon North Rim - Everything but the Site!,1,False,jennascend
camping," Happy Friday everyone. I am making this post because I recently created a similar group on Facebook, and several members here who have been enjoying it so far recommended that I share it with you all, as they thought that you might like it too. For the past couple of years, I have set up alerts on Amazon that tell me when ""Black Friday"" caliber or ""Door Buster"" sales begin within the Camping/Outdoors department. Many friends and family have asked me to let them know when an amazing deal pops up. I started receiving a lot of these requests so I decided to create a page dedicated to sharing the best deals that show up on my alerts. I have been receiving a lot of positive feedback on the sales that I find, so please check it out if the concept interests you. Thank you!

[https://www.facebook.com/groups/1409221645932599](https://www.facebook.com/groups/1409221645932599)",Camping/Outdoors Black Friday Deals Year-Round,1,False,JHenry1599
camping,"I'm in the process of writing a **massive** tent camping guide, and I've arrived at the part where I let my readers know how much they can expect their gear to cost. 

I made a spreadsheet with all the important gear and their average prices and came up with a total of about $1000. Keep in mind that this is based on quality gear for camping at a campsite (so no wild camping). Do you guys think this is realistic? 

I also feel like there are things missing, but I can't think of any. Maybe you guys can take a look and share your thoughts? I would love to hear them.

Here is the spreadsheet: [https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/155gPQgEQ2E82EDEsig8x38tekTIb0DkkqNjSNUcfg7c/edit?usp=sharing](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/155gPQgEQ2E82EDEsig8x38tekTIb0DkkqNjSNUcfg7c/edit?usp=sharing)",Is this how much your gear costs?,1,False,stormxoxo69
camping,,"A boy, a dog, and adventure in the Blue Mountains of Eastern Oregon.",1,False,sandyaesthetics
camping,,Jiangsu Yukoufu Is Superior Water Bottles Manufacturer and drinking water bottle supplier,1,False,greendrinkbottle1
camping,,Winter camping in Czech Republic - Jeseníky... It was probably -14°C and 20 and more cm of snow...,1,False,Kappybara_reddit
camping,"Went winter camping with my girlfriend. Thrilling experience but got a few tips that could help others. We had green spruce branches under us as well as sheep fur. We combined our sleeping bags together, got blanket over us and 2 layers of every clothing... We had simple tarp above us.

About wood:

* Most of the wood will be dry since there is no liquid water in winter so you will have no problem finding some spruce branches for starting the fire.
* Wood is dry, but hard to find... Most of the wood is covered by thick blanket of snow so your main source of wood will be standing/fallen trees
* Thus... 2 hands : 1 axe is a good ratio... thank me later...
* You won't have fire in the night... so deal with it...

Camping:

* Good ground isolation is absolute must!
* Another ones body warm is great but sleeping is worse then...
* Your roof will probably get damp from your breath so keep that in mind...

And also... most of your things that you plan to do won't probably be doable since you will be cold af, we planned on heating some stones to keep us warm during night... But we survived, got ideas for better next time... So hope this helps someone else too ;)

\*Our last fire before sleeping, girlfriend for scale :D",Winter camping in Czech Republic - Jeseníky... It was probably -14°C and 20 and more cm of snow...,1,False,Kappybara_reddit
camping,,Desert camping,1,False,umar1st
camping,,Superior Borosilicate Pitcher and Water Bottle Supplier,1,False,greendrinkbottle1
camping,[removed],$5 for your opinion! At what age did you get your first cell phone? Help us with our study! ( PayPal / Amazon Gift Card ),1,False,belanc27
camping,,Maple Soy Glazed Smoked SALMON- FIRE IT UP FRIDAY,1,False,CmonHomesteading
camping,,"Throw back to my good bye camping tour before leaving Alaska, taken at a site outside of Mccarthy.",1,False,oldbailey_newbird
camping,,How To Love Wintertime Camping Even If You Hate The Outdoors,1,False,markpersonsx65
camping,,Hello. This is a picture of a tent and clay stove that I built,1,False,Alive-Citron-8228
camping,,The best views are the ones you don’t need to sit up from your bed to see,1,False,GreenTeaPartyy
camping,,How can ı find dry wood for the fire in the winter camping. What are your suggestions?,1,False,feanor_13
camping,,Camping nearby a glacier,1,False,Protect_The_Land
camping,,Can’t beat beach camping (with the exception of flies that bite you).,1,False,hully57
camping,,Can’t beat beach camping in Australia. (With the exception of the sand and March flies),1,False,hully57
camping,"1. Your drink stays nice and cool.

2. Don’t have to worry about keeping perishable food chilled.

3. The fire seems to feel a tad bit better.

4. Appreciation for when the sun is closer.

5? Everything freezes overnight. Everything.

Anybody have any other things that they love about winter camping?",Things I like about winter camping.,1,False,arabiansandmonkey
camping,Any opinions on these 3? Looking for something very comfy as a tall side sleeper. I prefer something a little heavier for sleep comfort--won't be backpacking with it. I'll be car camping this april in the south..so probably lows of 40 degrees F.,Big Agnes Torchlight vs Nemo Disco vs Nemo Tempo?,1,False,AVeganGuy
camping,,Woke up with this little fella next to the swag,1,False,Schnupie_Noopers
camping,,Tell me you love cane's without telling me you love Cane's!,1,False,Morpheus_mmg
camping,,A little winter camping in Idaho.,1,False,technical_righter
camping,,4 days with the phone off=😀,1,False,BurritoTrees
camping,,"My daughter and I canoeing across Linda Lake in Algonquin Provincial Park, this was right in front of our camp, 4 days of beautiful weather and you can see the color change in the background.",1,False,CodeMeInDev
camping,"Hello!
I am planning on going camping mid March and was looking for recommendations for your favorite camp sites that aren't too crowded, have a good view of the stars, and is close to Philadelphia, Delaware area?
I appreciate all of your help!
❤",Recommendations for East Coast!,1,False,DangerousCucumber444
camping,,Winter creeks in Oregon are the best!,1,False,PacCoastRambler
camping,,Think I’ve seen this cabin in a horror film!,1,False,PacCoastRambler
camping,,BIG NEWS! 1988 Toyota Fj62 Land Cruiser Beginning Stages of Part Out/ 1986 FJ60 First Drive/For Sale,1,False,jkdur728
camping,,New YETI Tundra 45! Slapped a few stickers on her already!,1,False,jcalabrese037
camping,,"Camping overnight in a tree in the backyard with hammock, lockdown vibes. Super enjoyable",1,False,Markgonzales32
camping,,Honeymoon camping at Great Basin NP last summer,1,False,doodlefang
camping,,North Vancouver Island camping trip last fall,1,False,Mean_Sky7399
camping,"i'm trying to slowly chip away at the national parks, but to be honest am nervous about driving all the way out somewhere and not being able to camp/ not having a nearby backup campground. 

my general itinerary is this:

* austin --&gt; cloudcroft, new mexico area (to explore white sands). i want to camp in lincoln national forest for three nights.
* then after, drive from cloudcroft to guadalupe mountains national park and camp there for three nights. 
* then el paso area --&gt; austin. 

i'm a bit nervous because neither lincoln nor guadalupe mountains take advanced reservations. i just wanted to ask from people experienced here how early is early enough to grab a FCFS spot, generally? 

thanks so much, everyone!","how early should you arrive for first-come, first-served campsites?",1,False,magic_the_blabbering
camping,,Morning coffee after camping next to preserved old Romans wells in Croatia during my thru-hike last summer.,1,False,Cartapouille
camping,,Snow camping set up in Grouse Ridge,1,False,Tglob710
camping,,"Sometimes all I need is my tent and my guitar [OC] [White Mountains NH, last summer]",1,False,chinacat-rider
camping,,WIN OUR CAMPERVAN FOR £5!,1,False,L_P_Conversions
camping,,Hot French press morning coffee in the frozen forest ☕,1,False,HorizonOverland
camping,,"Photos of Yosemite’s ""firefall"" — a stunning yet brief February phenomenon",1,False,SFChronicle
camping,,"Cedar Creek WMA, GA",1,False,RangerMike96
camping,,"Cedar Creek WMA, GA",1,False,RangerMike96
camping,,This is Tenerife Island in Spain. We went surfing and camping. I stoped to take some photos. What do you think?!,1,False,WilhelmdelVillar
camping,,Some photos from my last scout trip,1,False,thememery2006
camping,[removed],Backpacking food for the trail: What are your thoughts?,1,False,BriceFood
camping,"Husband and I love camping in Michigan's UP, but haven't branched out much on *where* we stay. 

We also love Kentucky &amp; Tennessee's LBL, and usually spend half the day driving around looking for a good spot to set up. Any recommendations there?


Also East coast beach camping!?
Never been to the ocean but would love to sleep on the beach. 

I'm excited and trying to get at least one good trip planned before our baby is due in July.","Favorite spots in MI, KY &amp; TN",1,False,BWillisx3
camping,,Mirror Lake State Park-Wisconsin Winter Camping 6°,1,False,Bencho_Beamwalker
camping,,One of the best fire I’ve done!!! Btw that is me,1,False,Money_bull47
camping,"Hello, I am part of a group of business students conducting interviews for a project developing a business in the camping industry. We are looking for candidates to interview (virtually), which take about 10 minutes of your time. If you would like to help us with the project, please PM me for more info, or leave a comment saying you're interested.

Thanks for reading!",University Students Looking For Some Interviewees,1,False,Hawk2289
camping,,Winter Camping in the Arizona Superstition Wilderness,1,False,ravnic18
camping,,Great view,1,False,razortrout
camping,,Snow camping setup,1,False,Tglob710
camping,,"Was cooking breakfast this morning when this little guy paid me a visit. Negev Desert, Israel",1,False,yehoshuabenson
camping,,Army helicopters continue search operation on K2 for Ali Sadpara and team,1,False,Much-Minimum849
camping,,"Winter Camping, It’s Just More Fun!",1,False,TheEOnlyChad
camping,,"Winter Camping, Fun Than Summer Camping",1,False,TheEOnlyChad
camping,,Camping as a therapy for grief?,1,False,Gi_Giv
camping,,Best Small Hiking Backpack,1,False,Hikingbackpacker
camping,,Big cool birds,2,False,BENDANGEROU5
camping,,Seeking campground suggestions on this route - May 2021,1,False,DrinksOnMeEveryNight
camping,,Reflective beauty in WA.,1,False,PacCoastRambler
camping,,Hidden gem in BFE Nevada,1,False,PacCoastRambler
camping,,Found at secret location in George Washington NF,4,False,AO44
camping,"I have run across one— we’ve been camping in a pop up, which we like a lot but It’s dying. I’m thinking a Rialta is a nice combination of low drama and still able to boondock. Am I right?",Anybody have a Rialta?,1,False,Snoo_33033
camping,I don’t spend a lot of time in the woods and haven’t dealt with ticks before. I’m taking my kids camping over spring break to an area that has a lot of ticks according to some reviews I’ve read. Is there a certain bug repellent that is really good for ticks or any other trick I can use to keep them away? My kids are younger and aren’t going to do the best job at checking their clothes and stuff for ticks.,How to avoid ticks?,2,False,Twinsmamabnj
camping,,Since we're talking about gear storage,19,False,iWalkAroundNaked
camping,,Adirondacks Forest,11,False,Money-Photograph-936
camping,,Hello. This is a bamboo tent I built,90,False,Alive-Citron-8228
camping,,Who likes organizing their gear almost as much as camping?,521,False,5HT2C
camping,,How do you afford to camp year round?,4,False,dylzt32
camping,,Planning to camp in 2021? Here's what you need to know,1,False,williestackr36
camping,"Do you know of any that are open?  I want to possibly go next weekend, and I honestly haven't camped before.  I don't wanna bring much supplies, but if anything I have a wrangler that I can sleep in to stay warm.",Good beginner camping spot in Shenandoah?,1,False,manofpoorfashion
camping,,Camping in Zion at the end of January,11,False,SnooEagles1311
camping,,"It's a dream come true, having a fire in the snow. Looking at snow and trees while sipping on coffee. Now I wait for another snow day, for the second stage of the dream, Camping in the snow.",7,False,Mowgli253
camping,[deleted],Camping in Zion at the end of January,1,False,[deleted]
camping,[deleted],Camping in Zion at the end of January,3,False,[deleted]
camping,[deleted],First fire in the snow,1,False,[deleted]
camping,,OVERNIGHT stay in BUSHCRAFT SHELTER. HOMEMADE ICE CREAM,1,False,Comprehensive-Heat97
camping,,Went on a camping trip in the mountains of Utah and got this stunning picture 💙,20,False,Littylizzy12
camping,,"Trying to find my camping chair drunk, after the fire goes out, and no headlamp.",447,False,FIGJAM98
camping,"Particularly with six rivers it seems there are a lot of options all along the river. They all seem so beautiful!

Particularly oak bottom and panther flat’s campsites in six rivers seem to appeal to me. I like lush greens, rivers, watching fish, and water ponds.",Planning a Patrick’s point and six rivers trip? Which campsites do you recommend?,0,False,XiMs
camping,"I moved to Wisconsin in May of last year. I haven't gone camping in forever. I need to get away from it all. The problem is, the snow is packed up! I'm not sure what type of gear I need. I lived in Texas before and camping there is a lot easier. What's some gear I should bring? What type of tent should I use? Thanks!",Can someone recommended camping gear for the cold/snow?,3,False,the70sman
camping,,Planning a camping trip? Probably going to need a camp fire at some point and time right? We have top quality rich pine aka fatwood bundles perfect for getting your fire going! Contact us now for an exclusive offer! Diamond State rich pine aka fatwood! https://etsy.me/2Z38Sdl,0,False,SWineFlu870
camping,,Our family trip to Tammisaari,1,False,BenothmanM
camping,Hi y’all I’m looking for some hot spring recommendations. I’m located in the central coast of California / Northern California. I’ve seen a lot of info going around I’m just looking for some first hand recommendations. Preferably free natural hot springs with camping near by of course.,HOT SPRINGS WANTED,0,False,yungdawgwalker
camping,,My two most used knives. The one was my great grandmothers shed knife. And the folding knife my grandfather and I found metal detecting (Knobel’s Grove) in the early 80s. I use these for EVERYTHING camping cooking hacking carving fishing hunting fingernails etc.,42,False,Highgrowponics
camping,,"To Winson and Gladys. From the Hornbrook family, grande prairie Alberta.",6,False,TAOadventures
camping,,Little campfire behind my house,7,False,Money_bull47
camping,,Could as many people do this sign but the place you’re from? It’s my grandparents 60th anniversary! Want to reach as many as possible!,10,False,Michach94
camping,Hmu with something you'd do with no one else in the room,Bored so let's chat,1,False,Prestigious-Play-235
camping,,Amongst the pidgeons,1,False,PidgeonsLivesMatter
camping,,View of Mount Adams from a cliffside campsite at the base of Mount St. Helens,3,False,KeeneMachine
camping,,Wild camping spots in the UK,1,False,rayzim
camping,,Waking up early for the road trip and getting such views on the way,11,False,just_a_tallguy
camping,"Can somebody explain about wood for fire while camping? I camp using freecampsites.com, but I’m afraid to get some kind of ticket for illegal fires or , especially, cutting wrong wood. What are the rules? Like, most of the times I can collect small/medium sticks, but when I see dead tree I’m afraid to use saw/axe to collect big blocks for overnight fires.

When I watch YouTube videos, a lot of the time In forests of Siberia it’s like “cut whatever you want”

Also, any cheap tent/wood stove setup advice? 
Currently I’ve Kelly Gunnison 2p tent",Wood and camping(USA),3,False,Wild472
camping,"First post! I have been a long time lurker on this subreddit but have been an avid camper my entire life. I'm in the process of building a Tacoma with roof top tent setup for the spring. 

I had been in the market for a rotomolded cooler for a while. I looked at all the big brands like Yeti and Pelican as well as some options we have readily available here like Woods and ProFrost. I needed a large capacity cooler because at times we will have up to 6 people using it at once. After seeing one in person I ended up going with a Whiterock cooler (TRK78). The build quality matches that of all the top end brands but what really set it apart was it's latch system. It has this 2 stage ""detent"" that not only seems to really set the seal perfectly but also makes opening and closing so much easier. 

I have only done some preliminary tests with it at home but I will eventually be doing some side by side comparisons this spring with some bigger name brands and see how it performs. First impressions though are really solid! 

My truck build starts at the end of February and I am looking forward to sharing more pictures of the build!",Whiterock Coolers,1,False,Oilblaze
camping,"I'm pretty particular about campgrounds. This one just didn't cut it. 
[hickory knob](https://youtu.be/-ouCD3bH7Vs)",We were under-whelmed with this place.,1,False,eatin_good
camping,,Foggy morning at the state park last weekend,1,False,YoungAnimater35
camping,,Found a huge mirror on the trail!,1,False,SnapshotWill
camping,,"They get caught by the police in Africa, get caught by a sandstorm in Sahara, outdoor camping for more than one year, get married while couchsurfing and a lot more... Fully subtitled in Turkish, German and English | Morocco cycling adventure | 20 episodes of outdoor survival cycling through Africa",1,False,VAEGABOND
camping,,Hello from Tammisaari camping -20 c,1,False,BenothmanM
camping,I've camped when it has snowed before but I've never set up a tent in the existing snow. Do I clear the snow away first and then put the tent directly on the ground or do I set up on the snow?,Camping in snow question,1,False,littleln
camping,"Heads up: I am suuuuper frustrated, so I apologize if this is inflammatory.

This year sequoia national park changed how they you request backcountry permits - yay no more faxing in and wondering if you got a permit! So I got on as soon as it opened to make sure I could get passes for the trips I was intersted in. Opens at 7am and the site doesn't even crash or anything - whoopee! BUT, half the campsites are not listed, some trails are on there while others are completely missing - I was scrambling to replan all my trips around the available sites for so long that I couldn't get any of the permits! Can someone explain to me why so many campsites are missing!?!?!?!

&amp;#x200B;

Im so bummed - I had 4 trips ready for booking in priority order in case I had any trouble and now have none. yup, just sitting here crying. I'm crushed.

&amp;#x200B;

check out [recreation.gov](https://recreation.gov) it's even a nice website!",sequoia new permitting system...how does it work?,1,False,Informal-Line-7179
camping,,My set up Vs my Buddy's,1,False,kilokilo418
camping,,"Camping without tent, only sleeping bags. No fire, only cold food. Sunrise. Spain. Summer 2019.",1,False,Jff_f
camping,[removed],How to make a tequila table.,1,False,OSHOs-workshop
camping,,Love my hammock,1,False,Remarkable_Wafer_924
camping,,Sunset in wonderland,1,False,Remarkable_Wafer_924
camping,,A good buddy on mine does survival gear review. He is an Air Force SERE specialist and just want to show him some love. Take a look.,1,False,MisterBombbastic
camping,,Funds for university,1,False,Ok-Organization-1669
camping,,"Junior sous chef Archie the beagle, helping cook breakfast at the camp kitchen in Moab, Utah",1,False,jdangerwolf
camping,"To start this off, I live in Ohio, and my friends and I want to go camping, but we’re not really sure where to go, or even where to start looking. To explain our confusion, we do not really want to go to a national park or any campground, rather, we want to be able to go somewhere where we can be as loud as possible. Not asking for spots, just asking about how we should go about finding a place.",How to find a good camping spot?,1,False,wxps-800
camping,,When your husband wants to test out the portable solar setup...,1,False,Pawneewafflesarelife
camping,[removed],New camping rental company,1,False,Briguyferda6525
camping,"We have looked &amp; looked &amp; looked, and finally we believe we have found it. OUR DREAM CAMPGROUND!!! We can’t give too many details yet, because our offer was just accepted, but it has over 100 sites consisting of tents, cabins, RVs and RV sites, lake, river, pool, gameroom, lots of activities and close to major attractions. 

We are so incredibly excited to continue building upon the amazing place it already is &amp; make it even greater. Our dream is to have a destination campground that is a beautiful, restful, politics-free zone, that becomes your regular spring, summer or fall getaway and the happy place you go to in your head all year long. Follow us on our journey and then follow us to our destination.",WE THINK WE’VE FOUND IT!!!,1,False,CampOfDreams
camping,Does anyone have permanent sites? Just bought a small piece of land on a local river. Looking for ideas. Maybe an outhouse and permanent camp kitchen? Will be using a tent for a while at least.,Permanent campsite?,1,False,Jeep12jk
camping,"I’m looking for spots away from people, not campgrounds. Thank you!",Best camping in the San Bernardino mountains (CA),1,False,Anon23816523
camping,,Beautiful Vietnam,1,False,Remarkable_Wafer_924
camping,,Sunrise over wonderland,1,False,Remarkable_Wafer_924
camping,,"Moro Campground, Crystal Cove State Park, Laguna Beach, California",1,False,AWHEsquire
camping,"Me(37m) and my 2 daughters(both 6f) are currently camping. The girls shower room is a 5 minute walk from the men's shower room and I'm not comfortable leaving my girls alone for that amount of time.

The showers have no curtains or walls to prevent people from looking at them and am wondering if there is anything I can do to prevent any potential creeps from watching them",How do I keep people from watching my daughters shower while camping,1,False,12372883
camping,"I'm not the one planning it, my mom is, so I want to know which thing I should suggest to her for what we should do in June when we go to Maine. 

Thank you to anyone who should respond.",How should I go about planning a camping trip/ booking a cabin and or lodge?,1,False,Flipfl00p
camping,,Wir geben niemals auf,1,False,DerKurde72
camping,So my sleeping bag is rated at 1C or 35F and I have a sleeping bag liner I’ll also be wearing long johns sweatpants and sweater and a hat while sleeping. I’ll have a wool blanket beneath my insulated sleeping pad. Will all this be enough for -20 or should I get a warmer sleeping bag all together. I was fairly warm previously when I had gone in -9. This was without the liner. What do you guys think,Winter camping advice,1,False,kieranbrownlee
camping,,Someone (me) forgot to weigh down the tent,1,False,WholeKaleidoscope556
camping,,A warm weekend at Burnt Corral campground,1,False,WholeKaleidoscope556
camping,,"Enjoying the weather with the locals. Port Macquarie, Australia.",1,False,Outoftimee
camping,,"One of my favorite sites, tucked away on an easy and gorgeous 12-mile loop in SE Wyoming.",1,False,Guilty_Treasures
camping,My wife and I have a campsite in Yosemite in April. It’s a Saturday and Sunday night. We’re looking to do a little backpacking trip on Friday and coming back Saturday. Does anyone have any recommendations? Not wanting to get too much elevation for storms and snow etc. going to do my research since my wilderness permit for my first choice (ten lakes) was denied for that time of year.,2 day backpacking trip in Yosemite. 2nd week of April.,1,False,slowblink
camping,"This winter I started trying my hand at cold weather camping and have been enjoying it so far! however something that has prevented me from extended trips is that I always seem to end up getting my sleeping bag wet overnight. I've been sleeping in a tent (Cabelas Alaskan Guide Model Geodisic 4man for reference) and so far i've always gone with a friend or 2. The tent is big enough for 3 comfortably but inevitably, when sharing the tent I brush up against the edges of the frost covered tent walls. Is there a way to prevent the frost from building up along the walls of the tent? I had read vending is a necessary thing to do and last trip we slept with the window on the door opened. I also (mistakenly) tried a waterproof slip to cover my sleeping bag but I ended up awake at 3AM soaked through (down bag too...). My theory is sweat/respiration from the body got trapped inside the waterproof cover. 

&amp;#x200B;

TLDR: How do i properly vent my tent and how can i make sure frost won't build up before it's already gotten my gear wet...",How can I stay dry at night cold weather camping?,1,False,Cultural_Algae_6084
camping,,"Lake Powell, Utah. One of my favorite campsites.",1,False,goodoldboysclub
camping,,"Looking to take our pop up camper out more. We live in Temecula, CA so prefer to stay in So Cal. Any suggestions for areas where the roads aren’t too bad?",1,False,Cavy432
camping,,Barbecue (BBQ) in the Forest | Pork Steak | Pork Sausages | Pork Kebabs,1,False,ivantodorov532
camping,"Please confirm if this is even normal, because i believe this is very dangerous, and before anyone says why are you tipping on its side if this was in a tent really there could be 100 reasons why this could happen and very easily be knocked over, i cant believe its supposed to be like this

so i just brought a kampa parabolic heater i was using in our tent after i took out and only turned heater on its side for a second and - this f\*ki\*g happened

please confirm if this is even normal really

[https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=63NTKaEqyIE&amp;feature=youtu.be&amp;ab\_channel=rosra](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=63NTKaEqyIE&amp;feature=youtu.be&amp;ab_channel=rosra)",is this even normal video included very dangerous,1,False,rosraa
camping,"So my family and I are interested in doing more camping...more nature oriented get aways and less to tourist attractions. The last time though we camped in a tent, it was a disaster. Rained like crazy, we got soaked, it was freezing...but the lake, the kayaking, the hiking were amazing!!! So, we're trying to figure out the best way to do this. Bigger tent with cots, pop-up, etc. RVs seem just ridiculously expensive to me and I really don't get how anyone justifies the cost when considering gas mileage, site fees, wear and tear, property tax, registration, etc. I'd love to hear what gear others use and love and how to make camping more endurable during bad weather. I am leaning toward a large tent with cots and air matresses, but I am fairly new to all this. Camped a lot as a kid, but only a few times as an adult. Want my daughter to love it as well, and not hate it because of the lack of a good night's sleep.",Tent or.....?,1,False,footnotesforever
camping," ⁣  
𝐈’𝐯𝐞 𝐛𝐞𝐞𝐧 𝐫𝐞𝐚𝐥𝐥𝐲 𝐨𝐟𝐟 𝐭𝐫𝐚𝐜𝐤 𝐟𝐨𝐫 𝐚𝐛𝐨𝐮𝐭 𝐟𝐢𝐯𝐞 𝐝𝐚𝐲𝐬. 𝐀𝐟𝐭𝐞𝐫 𝐝𝐨𝐢𝐧𝐠 𝐚 𝟓 𝐝𝐚𝐲 𝐟𝐚𝐬𝐭, 𝐰𝐡𝐚𝐭 𝐰𝐚𝐬 𝐬𝐮𝐩𝐩𝐨𝐬𝐞𝐝 𝐭𝐨 𝐛𝐞 𝐚 𝐜𝐡𝐞𝐚𝐭 𝐦𝐞𝐚𝐥, 𝐭𝐮𝐫𝐧𝐞𝐝 𝐢𝐧𝐭𝐨 𝐜𝐡𝐞𝐚𝐭 𝐃𝐀𝐘𝐒. ⁣  
⁣  
𝐈 𝐝𝐨𝐧’𝐭 𝐫𝐞𝐠𝐫𝐞𝐭 𝐢𝐭. 𝐇𝐞𝐫𝐞’𝐬 𝐰𝐡𝐲:⁣  
⁣  
•𝐈 𝐜𝐚𝐧’𝐭 𝐫𝐞-𝐠𝐚𝐢𝐧 𝟓𝟎 𝐩𝐨𝐮𝐧𝐝𝐬 𝐢𝐧 𝟓 𝐝𝐚𝐲𝐬.⁣  
•𝐈𝐭 𝐚𝐥𝐥𝐨𝐰𝐞𝐝 𝐦𝐞 𝐚𝐧 𝐨𝐩𝐩𝐨𝐫𝐭𝐮𝐧𝐢𝐭𝐲 𝐭𝐨 𝐚𝐧𝐚𝐥𝐲𝐳𝐞 𝐰𝐡𝐚𝐭’𝐬 𝐠𝐨𝐢𝐧𝐠 𝐨𝐧 𝐢𝐧 𝐦𝐲 𝐥𝐢𝐟𝐞, 𝐰𝐡𝐚𝐭’𝐬 𝐭𝐫𝐢𝐠𝐠𝐞𝐫𝐢𝐧𝐠 𝐦𝐞, 𝐰𝐡𝐚𝐭’𝐬 𝐝𝐢𝐟𝐟𝐞𝐫𝐞𝐧𝐭, 𝐰𝐡𝐚𝐭’𝐬 𝐭𝐡𝐞 𝐬𝐚𝐦𝐞, 𝐚𝐧𝐝 𝐰𝐡𝐚𝐭’𝐬 𝐧𝐞𝐰 𝐭𝐨 𝐦𝐲 𝐥𝐢𝐟𝐞 𝐭𝐡𝐚𝐭 𝐦𝐚𝐲 𝐢𝐦𝐩𝐚𝐜𝐭 𝐭𝐡𝐞 𝐰𝐚𝐲 𝐈 𝐝𝐨 𝐨𝐫 𝐝𝐨𝐧’𝐭 𝐭𝐚𝐤𝐞 𝐜𝐚𝐫𝐞 𝐨𝐟 𝐦𝐲 𝐛𝐨𝐝𝐲.⁣  
•𝐈𝐭 𝐠𝐢𝐯𝐞𝐬 𝐦𝐞 𝐚 𝐜𝐡𝐚𝐧𝐜𝐞 𝐭𝐨 𝐩𝐫𝐞𝐬𝐞𝐧𝐭 𝐦𝐲𝐬𝐞𝐥𝐟 𝐰𝐢𝐭𝐡 𝐚 𝐰𝐚𝐲 𝐭𝐨 𝐜𝐡𝐚𝐥𝐥𝐞𝐧𝐠𝐞 𝐦𝐲 𝐦𝐢𝐧𝐝𝐬𝐞𝐭, 𝐚𝐧𝐝 𝐛𝐨𝐝𝐲 𝐭𝐨 𝐠𝐞𝐭 𝐛𝐚𝐜𝐤 𝐨𝐧 𝐭𝐫𝐚𝐜𝐤. ⁣  
⁣  
𝐌𝐨𝐬𝐭 𝐨𝐟 𝐮𝐬 𝐚𝐫𝐞 𝐜𝐨𝐧𝐭𝐢𝐧𝐮𝐚𝐥𝐥𝐲 𝐫𝐞𝐜𝐨𝐯𝐞𝐫𝐢𝐧𝐠 𝐟𝐫𝐨𝐦 𝐮𝐧𝐡𝐞𝐚𝐥𝐭𝐡𝐲 𝐞𝐚𝐭𝐢𝐧𝐠 𝐚𝐧𝐝 𝐭𝐡𝐢𝐧𝐤𝐢𝐧𝐠 𝐡𝐚𝐛𝐢𝐭𝐬. 𝐓𝐡𝐢𝐬 𝐢𝐬 𝐚 𝐥𝐢𝐟𝐞𝐥𝐨𝐧𝐠 𝐩𝐫𝐨𝐜𝐞𝐬𝐬, 𝐚𝐧𝐝 𝐢𝐭’𝐬 𝐨𝐤𝐚𝐲 𝐭𝐨 𝐡𝐚𝐯𝐞 𝐬𝐨𝐦𝐞 𝐛𝐮𝐦𝐩𝐬 𝐚𝐧𝐝 𝐛𝐫𝐮𝐢𝐬𝐞𝐬 𝐚𝐥𝐨𝐧𝐠 𝐭𝐡𝐞 𝐰𝐚𝐲. ⁣  
𝐎𝐧 𝐭𝐡𝐞 𝐥𝐞𝐟𝐭, 𝐈 𝐰𝐚𝐬 𝐦𝐲 𝐡𝐞𝐚𝐯𝐢𝐞𝐬𝐭 𝐰𝐞𝐢𝐠𝐡𝐭, 𝟐𝟒𝟓. ⁣  
𝐎𝐧 𝐭𝐡𝐞 𝐫𝐢𝐠𝐡𝐭, 𝐈 𝐡𝐚𝐝 𝐣𝐮𝐬𝐭 𝐥𝐨𝐬𝐭 𝐧𝐞𝐚𝐫𝐥𝐲 𝟒𝟎 𝐩𝐨𝐮𝐧𝐝𝐬. 𝐓𝐡𝐞𝐫𝐞 𝐰𝐞𝐫𝐞 𝐭𝐢𝐦𝐞𝐬 𝐈 𝐡𝐚𝐝 𝐭𝐨 𝐫𝐞𝐬𝐞𝐭! ⁣  
𝐈 𝐝𝐢𝐝𝐧’𝐭 𝐡𝐚𝐯𝐞 𝐢𝐭 𝐚𝐥𝐭𝐨𝐠𝐞𝐭𝐡𝐞𝐫 𝐭𝐡𝐫𝐨𝐮𝐠𝐡 𝐭𝐡𝐚𝐭 𝐣𝐨𝐮𝐫𝐧𝐞𝐲, 𝐚𝐧𝐝 𝐈 𝐝𝐨𝐧’𝐭 𝐧𝐨𝐰, 𝐛𝐮𝐭 𝐈 𝐤𝐞𝐞𝐩 𝐦𝐨𝐯𝐢𝐧𝐠 𝐭𝐨𝐰𝐚𝐫𝐝𝐬 𝐩𝐫𝐨𝐠𝐫𝐞𝐬𝐬.

# To learn more contact : bhaktigiti108@gmail. com (remove space)",How I lost 40 pounds in just few days,1,False,radha1008
camping,,"My brother gave me this DEER,I love my brother.",1,False,masav671
camping,,Finally home from a great weekend at the Blue River and some successful trout fishing. Made for a good dinner over the campfire.,1,False,AttitudeCool
camping,,"Camping in the Valley of the Gods, UT. [OC]",1,False,johnrobertfordII
camping,,"Valley of the Gods, UT. [OC]",1,False,johnrobertfordII
camping,,"A frosty night Valley of the Gods, Ut. [OC]",2,False,johnrobertfordII
camping,,Love me some campfire meals 😍,1,False,Bouska24
camping,,"Best time of the year to visit and camp in Death Valley National Park, California",1,False,HorizonOverland
camping,,"Daydreaming at work, thinking of all the camping I'll be doing this spring. Here's a couple photos from last year.",1,False,chinacat-rider
camping,,"Best time of the year to visit and camp in Death Valley National Park, California",1,False,HorizonOverland
camping,"&amp;#x200B;

*Processing img nrxzzfm976g61...*

Whether you're heading off to the park for a weekend picnic or you want something to stop your lunch from turning into a warm soggy mess before your lunch break at the office or college, a decent food cooler bag is essential. There are several types of coolers, the main ones which are made from hard molded plastic or strong synthetic fiber.

Most people have a cooler that is hard, which can mean heavy or bulky, making its' mobility limited. Here, MIER soft cooler made from durable fabric with thick insulating materials, but they are more lightweight, practical, easily packing away when not in use. Even more, most [MIER cooler bags](https://www.miersports.com/collections/coolers-lunch-bags) Inside using heat-welded seams to prevent flexible liner leaks, very easy to clean when spilled juice/soup.  


So how to choose the best cooler for yourself? There are some points for you chosen:  


* Thicker insulating linings generally work better and look out for fastenings such as strong zips to help keep the air out.
* Name brand cooler, which is using food-grade material.
* The Interior is heat-welded seams so that it can prevent leaks.
* Solid stitching reinforcement on all stress point, especially the shoulder strap.
* Easy to foldable and store.

To understand this, you need to look at all aspects of a cooler. All in all, we need to measure performance — how cold it stayed, how easily it loaded, how durable it was against leaks, how comfortable it was to carry. So interesting! Hope this information can help you. Anyway, we welcome you to email us to tell us your good idea or suggestion.",How to Choose a Best Cooler Bag for Yourself,1,False,Miersports
camping,What tents and or manufacturers are using polyester for their tent flats? Not pros or cons question just wondering what companys are using it on the tents.,Which tents have polyester fly material?,1,False,obiecamper
camping,,Supper in the rockies 😍,9,False,Bouska24
camping,,Our riverside campsite this weekend,5,False,hotandchevy
camping,,Me &amp; my best friend built a fort in the woods &amp; watched cartoons.,6,False,michalemabelle
camping,[deleted],It was cold so we slept inside,9,False,[deleted]
camping,"Hi hope it's ok to post this as a first time poster here.

&amp;#x200B;

I own a canvas bell tent for when i go camping (or more often larping) and i was looking to invest in some equipment this year. 

&amp;#x200B;

I was looking at getting a in tent heater but not really sure about the best options out there and it will need to be suitable for use in the months of Late November and December. I know propane heating is out because it's really bad circulation in the tent and carbon dioxide.

&amp;#x200B;

I have alternatively been looking at a hand cranked/solar panelled battery pack which has a usb port in it. To have one of the small office/desk heaters. However i don't know how reliable and useful a small heater such as that is.

More often than not we never have an electrical port because we are camping right in the middle of the woods so it needs to be something portable and the like.

&amp;#x200B;

Any suggestions?",In Tent Heaters!,7,False,sleepypixie94
camping,"Since life is on hold, I thought that maybe making a channel of my campfires would be a nice thing that brings some kind of joy to some people out there.No talking, no me promoting some brands or any other kind of bullshit. Just videoes of campfires, atleast once a week. Feel free to check out.

And Admin, delete this post if it's against some guidelines.  


[https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Bq8Igd0ms64](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Bq8Igd0ms64)",Made a channel for my bonfires/campfires,7,False,Adventurous_Ad_4603
camping,,"Promised the daughter we would go camping, and then got quarantined. Still had a pretty good time in the backyard though! (Eastern NM, USA)",1242,False,KookooMoose
camping,,"Don’t feed the deer, camping or not",4,False,usafmsc
camping,,"Car camping with a British Roadster, spotted on Vancouver Island, BC (Summer 2019)",1689,False,TheConfirmBias
camping,"Any suggestions for the best resources to find good dispersed camping spots on BLM land or National Forests? I like AllTrails but its more for hiking and not camping. It would be nice to have a combination of trails and roads and boundaries of BLM and National Forests so I know where I can and can't go camping on public land.

Thanks!",Best app/website for dispersed camping?,1,False,lego_reactor
camping,Just curious on your experiences with woodstove winter camping. What is your set up with the cost and sleeping capabilities? Looking into an alaska trip next winter,Anybody use hot tents?,3,False,nyemtp431
camping,"We’re looking to do a late March trip with the kids and my wife would love a spot where you can hear water. She doesn’t sleep great while camping, and I think some flowing water white noise would help. She also just really likes being near water, generally.

I have some spots in mind, but all are in the mountains where it’ll be pretty cold for tent camping in March. I’d love to find a place at lower elevations that would work. Primitive is fine. We’d be car camping, but don’t need electric, etc.

We’re in the Piedmont of North Carolina. Any suggestions within a few hours?",Riverside/stream side camping in NC/SC/VA?,3,False,JunkyardAndMutt
camping,,OfflineDay starts at Sunset this Friday. Here's a friendly reminder. Enjoy your time away from all the noise. With love - OffllineDay,19,False,Facepalmed
camping,"I am currently renting a house that has a bed outside (regular mattress, pillows, sheets etc). It's super comfortable to lay there during the day, but unfortunately due to the humidity at night, the sheets get absolutely drenched. Are there are other gear I can buy that will keep moisture free in high humidity? I am thinking of buying an air mattress. Any suggestions for something more comfortable? And what about the sheets and blanket/duvet?

https://preview.redd.it/ldvrdtkbphf61.jpg?width=1500&amp;format=pjpg&amp;auto=webp&amp;s=047a95f43fe8ae4f1bd02380803d6a8ea80ee5d7",Outdoor Bed (Permanent) - Materials?,5,False,GeneralWhiteX
camping,"Hello Reddit,  Looking for some advice/ideas/suggestions for some great camping places/trip plans for across Canada.  We live in Ontario and have done some camping in the area but we are looking into doing a 2 week (ish) camping trip either out west or east of Canada.  We were hoping to ask fellow reddit followers for some ideas/suggestions etc to make this a great trip.  So send us your camp ground ideas, hiking trails, kayaking spots etc., we would love to hear it all!",Canada West/East Camping Ideas,1,False,CanadaCamper
camping,[removed],Lighter camper options for under 10K?,3,False,laniakea100
camping,"**Cold winds:**

In all my previous camping trips in winter, I must have been lucky to not having much wind, that luck ended the last few days. With day temp being a cozy -10 deg C, and night time towards -19 deg C, sitting by the campfire did not warm my feet. I also could not literally warm my boots too close to the fire, maybe risking the glue and the plastic on my boots coming undone. I realized then that a single layer of wool socks probably wasn't enough. Seems like I would have to consider buying some larger boots that I can use with two pairs of socks + a plastic bag inside.

&amp;#x200B;

**Boots:**

Ugh, I need better/larger boots in winter that is warmer. A single medium thick wool socks isn't warm enough for me.

&amp;#x200B;

**Drying socks and failing:**

I tired two times to dry my wool socks at the campfire. Once at the side of the flames, and the other time lower at the side of the hot coals. Both times my socks melted and either turned into stiff plastic, or became so brittle, and two socks of different pair ended up with a hole in them. :(

&amp;#x200B;

**De-icing my tent:**

On a positive note, I managed to de-frost my tent after a couple of days out in the cold. I very carefully, used a trangia spirit burner with full fuel, and burned that on the trangia triangle stand, on top of a plastic thingy so it all wouldn't risk melt the bottom or slide around. **I made sure to stand outside the tent during the burning as I had no idea just how dangerous it might be re. toxic carbon monoxide and carbon dioxide.** The flame was not hot/high enough to damage the top of the tent. It was surprising to see that the interior temperatur rose to what must have been +10 or warmer, also making sure I have some ventilation going on. I manage to defrost most of the interior in a single burn, with some small stuff left in the corners.

Edit: I should keep better eye on things, because just because I managed to de-ice the tent once, maybe it won't work as well the next time. Only did it once.

&amp;#x200B;

**Spirit burner fuel:**

I made sure to bring an excess amount of spirit burner fuel, and I am happy having done that, never really having to worry too much about running out anytime soon when making food.

&amp;#x200B;

**A relaxing campfire:**

Well, assuming there isn't any wind, it is a good idea to floss/brush teeth and eating food and whatever by the campfire, instead of doing that later in the cold. Melting a little snow on the fire is also fairly trivial, and doesn't have to reach boiling point for brushing one's teeth.

&amp;#x200B;

**Changing clothes in the cold:**

I like changing first the top side, and then the pants side, while being in my sleeping bag, either in the evening, or early in the morning before I get up.

&amp;#x200B;

**Thawing food by the campfire:**

So, thawing food by the campfire was simple enough, I just had to be a little patient. Also, bad idea placing hot dog buns inside my jacket, three of them became squished. :) Also, thawing a small bottle of mustard, I had no patience for that. Placing the small bottle of ketchup some time before eating, made most of the ketchup liquid and usable. To my surprise, the ""beer sticks"" (meat) that I had brought with me, had not frozen, and could be eaten as such without warming them up.

&amp;#x200B;

**Failing to dry my sleeping bag:**

So, after some time out in the freezing cold, I can't help breath onto the top part of the sleeping bag, and that stuff turns to ice. Afaik, that icy part is not a big issue, but still, hanging my sleepin bag to dry outside, there was too much shade and hardly any sun shone onto the sleeping bag, and with the sun being so low this time of the year, I gave up drying to dry the sleeipng bag in the sun, and brought it home instead. :| I have no idea how damp if at all my sleeping bag was, probably not an issue, but then again, I have no idea.

&amp;#x200B;

**Added:** I have for the previous two weeks been in and out of the woods, either camping or just being out in the cold, and looking at my toes, two are blue (the ones beside the big toe), and should they fall off, it is an improvement, from when I was camping out in -5 deg C, and lose two big toe nails, and the two beside. I actucally had to yank them off, because they did not want to fall off by themselves. :| My last bad camping trip in 2018, my other shoes became wet and very cold from goofing around in the powdery snow (just wool socks inside autumn boots), and I was unable to start a fire the first day.

&amp;#x200B;

**Bacon:**

Frozen. Bacon.  Hard to manage unless you go for thawing the whole package. Probably best to protion at home, before it all gets frozen hard. I sort of managed, and had bacon wrapped hot dogs with sesame seed buns. :) I also brought lompe because there were 8 buns for my 9 hot dogs. I also brought tortillas for my re-hydrated hot meals, but I never used any and took them home. They too ofc were frozen, but with lompe it was rather easy to separate into individual pieces when frozen.

&amp;#x200B;

**Snow brush thingy:**

So, I brought along a snow brush for a car and it worked nicely for cleaning off snow from the oversnowed campsite and also boots and tent.",I learned some new things duing winter camping,20,False,HumbrolUser
camping,,"Camping in Toujen, Tunisia be like",152,False,D00M94
camping,,By the Bonfire,1,False,master-buten
camping,[removed],New Year 2021 celebration package in Rishikesh,0,False,Juneee11
camping,,Been going through a rough patch and one of my friends decided to get me outside; Northern Singapore.,146,False,kylake
camping,[removed],Hope you’ve had or having another brilliant day,1,False,SamfromGlasgow
camping,,California Hotsprings,26,False,whataboutismz
camping,,smokenado,8,False,whataboutismz
camping,,Ladybug Season,14,False,whataboutismz
camping,"I’m taking my husband on our first car camping trip when it gets warmer. We are in the process of acquiring our gear, so have no idea what size boxes we should plan on getting for kitchen and sleeping/gear stuff.

We have a sedan (no hatchback) and a medium sized dog on the back seat. I was planning on putting the cooler next to him on the seat. 

Would it be better to just have one plastic bin in the trunk with kitchen stuff and dry food in and rest of the stuff spread between a duffel bag and smaller plastic bin?

We would only be going for a weekend on our first trip.

Any recommendations for a setup would be helpful! Thanks 😀",Recommendations for kitchen and gear box size... (first trip),1,False,EggplantLong
camping,,"My 3yo had had enough of the campfire shenanigans, so she went into the tent alone to read Pete the Cat Goes Camping 😸",293,False,flyingchucky
camping,,Cooking steak dinner in the back of my Suburban Camper,368,False,HorizonOverland
camping,,Where To Buy Professional Eyeshadow Palettes In Bulk,1,False,[deleted]
camping,,"Past Trip to Rainbow Mountain Whistler, Canada.",11,False,Cole__j
camping,,Stayed at Lake of the Ozarks State Park last summer. So many deer that would come straight up to the campsites!,24,False,thenamenobodywants
camping,"... and it has friends nearby...

Hi! My girlfriend and I are camping down in Turkey and starting 21:00 yesterday, a stray dog has been barking and growling at the entrance of our tent. There seems to be a massive pack patrolling the forest.

We figured it'd just leave eventually, but guess what: it is still here 11 hours later... 

Any advice? Would it be a better idea to just get out of the tent completely so we can scare it off and give fighting it off a better chance (in the case that may be necessary) or should we take a more slow and friendly approach?

I would usually go for a friendly approach, but this dog is clearly very upset with our presence. We're not scared of dogs, but would prefer to keep our limbs intact. 

Thanks!",There's a very angry dog outside our tent...,9,False,HumanSimit
camping,,VR Camping Videos!,1,False,Radlener
camping,,Really missing mornings like these! I took this on a disposable camera. Adds to the nostalgia camping holds for me.,97,False,moneyforsoy
camping,"So the first part of this is from listening to ""missing 411"" as well as creepypasta stories -Which is very wide but can have a subset for camping and stuff- BASICALLY just creepy/scary stories that may or may not be true. Can you share yours or link to a good scary story?

ALSO the reason I am posting is because I currently live in my car BUT I have never camped before. I was at a Walmart and saw a $25 ""3 person"" tent and thought ""Gee that is pretty cheap""...

So can you tell me:

What all do I need to camp? What to buy and stuff? Be pretty specific and detailed?

What are the dangers and how do you combat them? Honestly I have considered buying a BBGun cause they are $30 at Walmart but I didn't know if it was considered a ""Gun"" or of I was legally allowed to keep it in my car or if I need a permit, etc... But staying in my car has proven VERY safe and I have never had an issue... Even so I am kinda scared of camping... If anything I would want to know in case of an emergency....?

Oh and also how do you eat and stuff? I don't want to kill any animals or anything...",CREEPY Camping Stories? PLUS How Can I Try To Camp?,3,False,MarinetteXLila
camping,,Had to take a layout photo before a nice quiet trip in the jungles of Guam.,259,False,jurassicpimp
camping,My friend wants to go on a 3-6 hour hike and then camp out at the top for her birthday. I have never before been camping or hiking for that long so i have no idea how to plan this. What do we need? Where can i look for places that i can camp at and that have nice hiking trails? Please help me out,Camping trip in CT,2,False,Independent-Nail2673
camping,[deleted],Scratch made fire pizza!,1,False,[deleted]
camping,,"What is your most cherished camping item? Mine is my Grandfathers's 55 year old stove. It is one of 2 items I have of his. He died before I was born, and I am very glad to have it. I'd like to restore it one day, but until then I'm glad to be using it very regularly.",609,False,MamboNumber5Guy
camping,,From a recent 4 day solo trip. Is winter anyone else's favorite time to get out?,458,False,MamboNumber5Guy
camping,[deleted],Most recent trip to Alamo Lake State Park (AZ),12,False,[deleted]
camping,[removed],"I need feedback, please",1,False,who_is_milo
camping,,Tips for camping sandbars during a kayak trip?,6,False,pantaleonivo
camping,[deleted],Hey guys ! Can you set up a tent in a isolated park for a few hours ?,2,False,[deleted]
camping,,Rate my setup,102,False,i_like_it_raw_
camping,,"tried cooking rice in a bamboo for the first time, i'd it went prenty well. hahaha",13,False,Helstrium09
camping,,"My favorite camping purchase by far! Thule Tepui Autana 3 with annex. Odell Lake, Oregon",41,False,gildingthetrees
camping,,I brought my kids to the same spot my dad took my brother and I camping 25 years ago.,2713,False,FIGJAM98
camping,,That camp food.,53,False,wildman_ty
camping,Wondering how strict they are with the number of tents allowed on a site. It says expanded sites can have 12 people but only 2 tents... if 6 people have 3 backpacking tents would the make us leave?,Has anyone camped at Peanut Island in palm beach?,3,False,thepandasunite
camping,,Tuskegee National Forest. Alabama looking kinda spooky.,68,False,AdmiralMoonshine
camping,,a box of kindling camper joy,9,False,SnaleGoats
camping,[removed],Water Straw Filters,1,False,prepperinthestates
camping,"My fiancé and I want to take a camping  trip soon and we are unsure of what the best camping spots near us with little to no fees? Somewhere that offers camping year round, drive up spot, porta potty’s, picnic tables, fire pits, preferably 1-2 hours drive from us in Eugene Oregon? Also preferably somewhere where it’s a larger campground and most likely other campers there?",Oregon Camping Spots,1,False,Professional_Crow_92
camping,,"Me and my 3 friends are camping in Big Bear, California in the snow for 3 days, 2 nights. Any advice?",1,False,LixALOT666
camping,,"From our hike up to the falls while camping - Fall Creek Falls State Park, TN, January 2021",79,False,not_who_you_know
camping,,"Being out in the rain is still better then being stuck indoors, most of the time",9,False,bmcclure1247
camping,,First time making Shakshuka. I really recommend this as a breakfast dish during cold weather.,35,False,Pezking4
camping,Me and some buddy’s are looking to plan a trip to the Grand Canyon SOON and I was wondering if there was any free BLM land nearby that anyone could suggest?! And if so where is it located? Thanks!,Need a Grand Canyon camping sight,0,False,Jmce1215
camping,"I've been looking at tents for my future 8 day camping trips (4 times a month April - August) and I have landed on this tent

Any thoughts before I buy it? 

It is a 3-season tent and if you're wondering, I'm interested in the teal navy one. 

Is the North face a trusted brand for tents?",The North Face Homestead Roomy 2 Tent,1,False,reasonsishouldbe
camping,Suggestions are appreciated!,Looking for a campground where I can leave a camper year round in Michigan’s UP.,1,False,ContentBus1
camping,,Water treating techniques?,4,False,Gi_Giv
camping,,Natural Spring,26,False,Gi_Giv
camping,,My First Month Car Camping :),2,False,AbstraktAnimation
camping,,No frying pan? No problem! Throwback to steaming a salmon filet over pine boughs while dispersed camping in Pisgah.,2354,False,QuietInNature
camping,,You can tell from my designs I’m from the PNW,118,False,KaylaFainArt
camping,"We are planning a trip from Utah to Montana to see family, and plan on camping near Yellowstone on the way back, but I personally don’t like staying in camp grounds, do any of you know of some decent open camping areas near Yellowstone?",Free camping near Yellowstone?,3,False,bittiez
camping,"Last weekend, I found a BEAUTIFUL spot to hike, camp, and fish in Blue Ridge, Ga. I set up my hammock along a rushing creek right off the Appalachian Trail. I had a blast hiking, fishing, and camping in one of my favorite new spots. In this video, I take a few minutes and show my winter hammock camping setup, and share what I believe is the most comfortable way to camp.

[https://youtu.be/IZ1f215fmuQ](https://youtu.be/IZ1f215fmuQ)",Hammock Camping,7,False,coryhallett
camping,Thinking of going camping there this weekend into next week and beach camping. Are you able to get to beach camping without a vehicle with 4WD? And what other things would be cool to check out?,Padre Island,1,False,samcal03
camping,"You hammock-camp when hiking? What if there are no trees - **like, on a beach.**..?

Simple: the 1 extra item I take for this eventuality is a piece of Tyvek as ground-cloth. Then just use the inflatable mat I use in the hammock to lay on - and sleep bug-free as if I'm in a tent.

https://preview.redd.it/w4h0ixymu8f61.jpg?width=1720&amp;format=pjpg&amp;auto=webp&amp;s=9cdf3e4af0faa1819ac71549c2f4e84e58412e31","OMG, no trees...",7,False,mcJump
camping,,SOLO ICE CAMPING CATCH CLEAN COOK with INCREDIBLE UNDERWATER FOOTAGE (Day 1),1,False,grubbzfishing
camping,[deleted],Does anyone have advice on stuff that someone with a bad back could use to sleep on at night while camping?,1,False,[deleted]
camping,What are some good places to camp in Los Padres National Forest ?,Los Padres National Forest,0,False,mdg1821
camping,[deleted],Photo I took while at our campsite in sequoia.,1,False,[deleted]
camping,Go forth and conquer!,Good morning good people,1,False,SamfromGlasgow
camping,,Just some good winter camping eats,74,False,Chaitis
camping,,The midnight views,168,False,joyride3mi
camping,"Hello! I’m new to camping and a friend of mine (same household) wants to go somewhere around May/June (assuming everything is okay). 
Joshua tree is her choice, but I wanted to see if there were any options that have the following;

- on the cooler side, some shade available please
- would love for there to be green but understand if this isn’t available
- bathrooms available?
- within &lt;4 hours of Los Angeles

Thank you!",Southern California camping around may-June. Any recommendations?,1,False,Ma_belle_evangeline
camping,,"shark point chickee , everglades national park",50,False,-_2loves_-
camping,"Hi everyone, 

I'm in south central PA and finally have my set up for car camping in my subaru outback! I was wondering if anyone in PA knows any 420 friendly campsites? Any help or link to appropriate subreddits are greatly appreciated!",PA 420 Friendly,2,False,Big_Werewolf8395
camping,"Having spend literally decades traveling and living in all kinds of places like sailboats, vehicles, etc, .. one thing I've learned is that if its hot I can sleep pretty much anywhere as long as I have some kind of fan blowing on me.  Fans keep the air moving over your body and allows your body to use its ability to perspire to keep you cool.  So now I want to start researching to find something that is long lasting, light weight, easy to travel with, and flexible power (which probably means USB if the fan has enough air flow to be useful ..).

Love to hear your thoughts and recommendations.

Edit, also not as interested in fans with integrated rechargeable batteries because I prefer to centralized battery power ..","Planning for summer .. I need a portable fan, would like some pro advice from experienced people who use them (meaning not random Internet search results from people who don't actually use one)",1,False,Vix_Vax
camping,,Valentines Day For Outdoorsy Ladies: 7 Gifts That Don't Suck,1,False,meastt
camping,"I'm wondering about the tricks of the trade, finding campgrounds when it's summer and in glorious locales like the Rocky Mountains (or the Pacific Northwest).  Let's skip pandemic effects for now, since I may be traveling and camping for a couple of years.    


I'll be getting a National Parks pass, so I'd like to favor those to get the \~$8/night camping fee, but I am fine diverting to state parks if Nat'l's full.  I can hit places on Monday for a week or two stay.  I am in a SUV w/tent, and don't need hookups.  Will I always be able to find a state or private camping spot within 50 miles in case a weekend is full?",Normal Summertime Campground Availability in U.S. Rocky Mountains?,3,False,LOLteacher
camping,"What do y'all do to power all your portable devices (also including camping gear) while on a trip or in remote locations?

I have a solar panel for my trailer, which has a car battery. Also a high capacity power brick for recharging devices.

For camping gear items like headlamps, I was thinking about purchasing a battery charger with rechargeable batteries that I can charge from either my trailer or brick via USB.

How are you handling this?!",Portable charging strategy?!,3,False,NNThree
camping,,Looking forward to cooking outside again.,1796,False,redleader5ive
camping,[removed],I’m available for hookup,0,False,terra-lovelife
camping,[removed],Campervan Rental Suggestions ?,0,False,jewcyjen305
camping,"I have this older tent that is green and beige or OD and beige as some one once called it. the color isnt really faded but is in fact remarkable condition as I have lugged this tent around with me in my life for over 25 years. I cant even tell you where I got it from. I always thought it was an old military tent. I was told all the pieces were in the bag but I have NEVER been able to erect the tent. I have had several ppl throughout the years try and figure it out with me, but to no avail. My only option now is to find the model and buy replacement poles or fashion my own some how. I am not too knowledgeable about vintage, canvas tents. I was a boy scout, grew up in the military so Im no stranger to the outdoors or tents that I have grown up with. But i am hoping to find some one with some info on this tent. I have pictures and because reddit is so picky with posting pictures, I will def send some in email. 

&amp;#x200B;

Color - Green and beige

5-8 man tent (Large)

Canvas with 2 side windows, split zipper door and a tarp type bottom.

Very heavy duty. 

No logos on the tent ANYWHERE

Only a metal tag embossed with the tent model number (which I have searched and searched for to the ends of the interwebs with no avail)

It kind of resembles a sear vintage hillary cabin tent, but all hillary's had their logo on the doors. 

&amp;#x200B;

If ANYONE can help me with how to get this thing standing, I would appreciate it!!  I'm pretty sure it a ""Cabin"" tent.",Researching older 60's/70's Canvas Tent,4,False,jaystation3
camping,[removed],https://sociali.io/ref/gu51874460,1,False,MurkyAddition7078
camping,,Can’t wait for spring and the warm summer months to return. More camping in the ADKs awaits.,3,False,MeanMasterpiece9830
camping,"Trying to be spontaneous with a group of friends, any available primitive campsites for the weekend? I wanted to do something in the Florida keys but looks like it is all booked a year in advance. Any recommendations?",Looking for a campsite for this weekend in south Florida.,1,False,Example-Adventurous
camping,[deleted],Jackery Power Station,1,False,[deleted]
camping,,The best way to start the day,60,False,salad_dressing_dude
camping,,The weather turned overnight from my last post,26,False,PidgeonsLivesMatter
camping,,"Missouri has some beautiful waterways. Hopefully the Wild &amp; Scenic Rivers leg of the state becomes less impacted by people, soon. :/ Below is Hawn State Park",17,False,tiuvarta
camping,[deleted],Summer 2021 is looking very exciting! 71 day camping road trip 🏕,6,False,[deleted]
camping,,2020 Campers Choice Awards,1,False,aluminarium
camping,,"Snowy solo trip in Suches, GA",60,False,2wheeledyellowjacket
camping,,A Joshua Tree winter weekend at Indian Cove Campground!,111,False,abankes
camping,"My friends and I are keen on camping sometime this year, ideally in the not so hot spring. Location isn't really an issue, however we are east coast and if the trip involves flying there will need to be a rental car; which I'm sure will be accommodating to our gear amount.

We have no interest in RVing, but would like to maintain some of the nicer amenities like a restroom/shower at least once a day. I don't know if there are places where you can hike between camps with running water and set off again the next day. Any pointers would be much appreciated.","What would be a good ""in between"" kind of camping for a group that is less experienced?",3,False,wanderingmercc
camping,,Good morning,9,False,theStunbox
camping,,Camping Rough Botswana,31,False,Chobe4x4
camping,,Good morning :-),12,False,theStunbox
camping,,"Got a few inches of snow over the weekend camping in Linville Gorge Wilderness, North Carolina.",1404,False,Pezking4
camping,"Does anyone know of a European version of BLM land dispersed camping? I know in Scotland you can camp pretty much anywhere as long as you don't bother anyone, but what about other countries?

&amp;#x200B;

https://preview.redd.it/lqzav46hx1f61.jpg?width=850&amp;format=pjpg&amp;auto=webp&amp;s=cc909640b5f127edc32ff30b93f754fa3cc8489f","Great camping in Alabama Hills, CA last summer. I miss BLM land now that I am back in Europe.",2,False,OatMcBoat
camping,[deleted],Instagram outdoors page,0,False,[deleted]
camping,[deleted],High-speed chase ends in tragedy for local Vermont rabbit. (My camping story from last weekend),1,False,[deleted]
camping,[deleted],High speed chase end in tragedy for local Vermont rabbit. (My camping story from last weekend),1,False,[deleted]
camping,[removed],COMING SOON HAPPY BALLANTYNE DAY IF YOUR WANT TO NEED SPECIAL GIFT CARD THEN WE ARE PROVIDE 100% FREE $200 AMAZON GIFT CARD,1,False,ConceptLife6583
camping,"""That which we need the most will be found where we least want to look""",Inspirational,0,False,SamfromGlasgow
camping,,First hill top winter camp - only 520m but with wind it got chilly,31,False,reddogfishman
camping,[deleted],First Hill top winter camp - only 520m but it got cold,1,False,[deleted]
camping,[deleted],Tent Camping in Dhanoulti | Dhanoulti Camping | Yelnyadventure,1,False,[deleted]
camping,,Driving in Chobe national park Botswana. Great camping at Ihaha campsite lots of wildlife,4,False,Chobe4x4
camping,[removed],A chance to win a free cordless hair dryer,1,False,Julieis222
camping,"HI, 

I am looking forward to taking a one month roundtrip vacation around my country, a road trip on my 150cc bike and camping gear with my mini bike trailer(possibly), any ideas anyone has such as preparations, experiences are welcome, this will be my first bike road trip I am going on and organising .

&amp;#x200B;

Many thanks.

&amp;#x200B;

\#WildBunch",Any one take road trips with motorcycle buddies,1,False,alphawanseven
camping,,Nice place to live in Baja California.,14,False,Haydee2021
camping,,Santa Barbara Mountains to Sea,28,False,chuckycastle
camping,,"Who else uses tying up bear bags as an excuse to practice too many knots? This one has some lashings around the bags, a square knot to tie two ropes together, a two-half hitch on the log, a taut line hitch to tether the rope, and a clove hitch to tie off the remaining rope 🪢",13,False,originalcoffeeeater
camping,"
Have a fantastic day",Good morning,9,False,SamfromGlasgow
camping,,"Izmir, Turkey. I really miss camping.",16,False,VanDerLinde_
camping,,Can’t wait to go camping and try this absolute machine out,3,False,OkPut1361
camping,,I camped all across the US this summer but beach camping in the Dominican Republic might take the cake,313,False,mollysbloomers89
camping,,Weekend trip on the Blue River for Rainbow Trout,58,False,PicPaintOKC
camping,,"Camping site at Kheerganga, Himachal Pradesh, India. 31st Jan, 2021.",21,False,king_beyond_wall
camping,,A little winter camping last night during the winter storm in ny,76,False,Gamewhennotadulting
camping,Where is the best place to find camp spots when all state parks in CA are closed because of covid?,Where to find campspots,1,False,Grenzo_6969
camping,,A very cold night in the blue ridge mountains,60,False,declanDS
camping,"I'm looking for a collection of campfire stories that I can take camping and read aloud around the fire on long dark summer nights. Ideally not just a 'spooky stories' book, but one that also has Jim Bridger-esque tall tales of all sorts of outdoor adventures. Anyone know of anything like that?",Anyone got a good book of campfire stories?,3,False,TheOtherBartonFink
camping,[deleted],Thank you much! The shirts came out PERFECT!,1,False,[deleted]
camping,[deleted],Bought these for our best camping friends and they loved them. As you can see by the photo!,26,False,[deleted]
camping,,A playlist full of folk music that’s best listened to when sitting around a campfire!,1,False,benjaminpoole_
camping,"Hi all, 

I’ve been trying to find a portable power station that I can charge with my car while I drive, that will power a small space heater overnight for a SUV sized room. Any recommendations/tips?

I can’t figure out the numbers behind battery output/input for either item",Question about space heater/power station needs,2,False,Atruen
camping,,Need more rope,1,False,djc1134
camping,[removed],"Mid December Covid hit our little town we live in when not camping. It got me, my wife, her brother, my sister in law, and her father along with several other dear friends of ours. We all survived. So now we donate to help others. Schedule your blood bank appointment today.",0,False,Campoholics
camping,,"Norwegian coastline view, from summer last year!",1278,False,put-it-in-a-bag
camping,,Winter Camping in Northern Wisconsin,2043,False,Teddy_Bonspiel
camping,,"What a scene it is !!! Do you know, what it is called?",1,False,ciromaf409
camping,,enjoying winter &amp; building fire in snow - viking style,1,False,zdravkodren
camping,,"Winter camping in Jemez, NM",108,False,brandontreb
camping,,Dutch Oven Enchiladas and Pizza From Last Weekend’s Camping Trip...,229,False,RLMan
camping,,When I camped at Joshua Tree National Park for the first time last July.,52,False,leadnuts94
camping,,Nice spot next to a farm,82,False,PidgeonsLivesMatter
camping,,"Beautiful artwork, isn't it...?",1,False,yepafo3086
camping,[deleted],Nice spot next to a farm/Esbit Stove &amp; Crusader cup,1,False,[deleted]
camping,,Lowcountry camping in January,19,False,eicart77
camping,[deleted],Lowcountry camping in January.,2,False,[deleted]
camping,[deleted],I do this design for my camping lover friends.,1,False,[deleted]
camping,,Fire,14,False,Remarkable_Wafer_924
camping,,Windy conditions with the RTT. Had to strap the edge of the rain fly cover at night due to the flapping noise. Still great sleep with that ocean breeze.,18,False,No_Cow_4182
camping,,Here is the summer and interior pics and story in comments,95,False,LifeIsOneBigFractal
camping,,My Camping Setup.,404,False,Own_Seaworthiness523
camping,[deleted],My Camping Setup!!,1,False,[deleted]
camping,[deleted],My Camping Setup!!,1,False,[deleted]
camping,[deleted],My camping setup!!,2,False,[deleted]
camping,[deleted],My camping setup!!,1,False,[deleted]
camping,[deleted],My camping setup!!,2,False,[deleted]
camping,[deleted],My camping setup!!,1,False,[deleted]
camping,,"Grand Bend, On, Canada late September last camp of the year! Beautiful. Had a little fake fire/heater action super cozy.",20,False,johnnyhero87
camping,,Beach camping Ho Tram Vietnam,29,False,Remarkable_Wafer_924
camping,"Hello all: I'm a bit of a novice camper, and am wondering if the ""dispersed""/ primitive campsites around Big Bend are open without any reservations? There are several places that pop up on Google Maps when I search for ""dispersed camping Big Bend"", and I'm wondering if all of those are just sort of ""open"" on a first come, first served basis. I'm wondering what to do over spring break during the third week of March and could use some guidance. Is Big Bend feasible at all?",Primitive camping available around Big Bend?,2,False,Damianawenchbeast
camping,,Ocean glow,38,False,Remarkable_Wafer_924
camping,,Our paradise,43,False,No_coffee_no_life
camping,,First time in new tent!!,2104,False,I_Make_Musictocryto
camping,,Beach camping PNW,95,False,Electrical-Stress408
camping,,Camping in Bhamala a beautiful area surrounded by mountains with a river flowing next to it.,1,False,reactionsforu
camping,"Hey guys, it would be awesome if some of you filled out this 15 question form :D

[https://forms.gle/aXAXpTdBC9KREHtu9](https://forms.gle/aXAXpTdBC9KREHtu9)

&amp;#x200B;

Thank you for sharing!","Your motivations, goals and frustrations during camping",0,False,alwayspackingup
camping,,Rise and brapppp,50,False,Remarkable_Wafer_924
camping,"What are some good places to camp in California during the winter? 3-4 Hrs Max from LA. 
Thanks🤙",Winter Camping California,6,False,mdg1821
camping,Have a nice day,Good morning beautiful people,10,False,SamfromGlasgow
camping,,Dispersed camping near Medicine Bow - August 2020,92,False,midwestnobody
camping,[deleted],Dispersed camping near Medicine Bow,1,False,[deleted]
camping,,This was my home for two years in the Colorado mountains. I miss it everyday,309,False,LifeIsOneBigFractal
camping,,The Big Dipper above our campsite this past summer. It's what I dream of when it's -25C outside.,30,False,jodihas2kids
camping,,before the storm rolled in.,91,False,editjames
camping,,"Clear -6° VT last night, snowshoe car camping",77,False,trashtrucktoot
camping,"I have a North face 700 down jacket. Which I want to wash but do not have any down jacket / sleeping bag type of laundry detergent are there any recommendations as what makes a good substitute laundry detergent for a down jacket?


Thank you",Down jacket washing,3,False,EddieJeans
camping,"Driving to a camp site this summer that's about a 7 hour drive. 
There is a place about 2 hours we can stop and stock a lot of perishables and also pick up all varieties of ice. Not sure if we should pick up all food and ice at our stop, or at least prechill the cooler on the drive and then stock. 
4 nights it needs to last, we can pick up ice reasonably close to our campsite. 
Not sure what cooler to buy, what ice (or ice packs! to use, when to fill it (in relation to our long drive time), etc.!

What would you all recommend?",Need some tips on a cooler and how to pack it.,2,False,Ravioli_meatball19
camping,[removed],Not everyone gets to go to bed on a full belly🥺,0,False,Suspicious-System-42
camping,[removed],Not everyone gets to go to bed on a full belly🥺,2,False,Suspicious-System-42
camping,"Hey all! Your posts have inspired me to finally take a camping road trip! I just booked 4 nights at Lost Claim campground outside Yosemite in May. Does anyone have experience with this campground? It looks near the park which is great since getting a campsite in Yosemite seems impossible. Unless there is something I'm missing?

Also, does anyone have suggestions for camping in or near Sequoia national park? Thanks in advance!",Planning my first camping road trip!,10,False,justthetips0629
camping,,Weekend getaway to the tall pines of East Texas.,5,False,telkinsjr
camping,,Did a test burn in my Solo Stove Titan today! Very impressed with it so far,28,False,F1GTRLT
camping,[deleted],It was cold so we slept inside,6,False,[deleted]
camping,,"Snow Camping - Mogollon Rim, AZ",48,False,btcsxj
camping,[deleted],"Cold morning in Flagstaff, AZ",1,False,[deleted]
camping,[deleted],Bedtime,3,False,[deleted]
camping,[deleted],He made it through a 20 degree night 🥶,25,False,[deleted]
camping,Need some advice on a new 6 person tent. We need a new one since our current tent is just to small for our cots and dog. I am planning on getting a small camper in the next year or two depending on finances. I’m on The fence if I want to get a better tent like the kodiak canvas or just go with the Coleman instant tent since I’m planning on the camper in the next couple years. I know as far as quality there really is no comparison but the cost is almost 400 difference. We’re camping into late fall for hunting in Colorado so weather and definitely wind is an issue. Any advice would be greatly appreciated,Cheap or expensive tent,5,False,twhitmore78
camping,[removed],Doing the coast to coast (Devon) For charity in may any support would be much appreciated!,1,False,6plaster6
camping,"Hey folks, I'm sorry if this isn't the perfect sub for this, I've posted this in a few places and there's nowhere very specific to find the answer as there seems to be very little trace of this campground on the internet unless it goes by a different name. It's called East Rock Springs Campground, in the Sheldon National Antelope Refuge.

It's listed on google maps, there's a couple sparse entries about it if you search for it. There's no campground listed there on the forest service website (though maybe it'd be on another federal website?). There's two reviews on the google listing and they're fairly recent, saying it's an awesome spot, but that's about all there is. It looks like an incredible location. It shows up on google earth satellite and you can see a little path leading to what looks like could be a campground? This is the place on google earth.

[http://us.geoview.info/east\_rock\_spring\_campground,5703582](http://us.geoview.info/east_rock_spring_campground,5703582)

They do mention you need a capable 4x4 to get there, which I have, but obviously I'm a little hesitant to go miles and miles down back roads looking for some campground there's little documentation of. But then again, it couldn't hurt to try, right? Worse comes to worse I can probably boondock out there...

But there are a lot of people here, maybe someone's familiar with the place?",Little known campground in North Eastern Nevada - is it real?,3,False,NoahPM
camping,[deleted],Counting down the days until Summer! ~Olympic National Forest~,251,False,[deleted]
camping,"I do a lot of winter camping, and I typically camp with my girlfriend... so I’ve been thinking about purchasing a double wide sleeping pad to make things a little more warm/comfortable.

Currently, we both use the Klymit insulated static V sleeping pads, so I’ve been looking into the double version of that one... but I’m wondering what other options are out there. 

It needs to pack small enough for backpacking (I have a 65L bag), so something like a big exped mega mat would probably be too bulky.

There are a lot of cheap options on Amazon, but I would like to get something of higher quality, while not exceeding $250.

Any recommendations?",Double wide sleeping pad recommendations...,5,False,PabloDelicious
camping,,Starved Rock a Couple Weeks Ago.,25,False,growingby
camping,,Travel,30,False,Traditional-Annual64
camping,,Last spring’s camp trip to Valley of the Gods and Monument Valley. ⛺️🏕,15,False,Own_Seaworthiness523
camping,,Last summer’s camping trip at Green River lakes. 🛶⛵️🏕,41,False,Own_Seaworthiness523
camping,,Camping at Cathedral Valley⛺️🏔🏕,32,False,Own_Seaworthiness523
camping,[deleted],Camping at Cathedral Valley 🏔🏕⛺️,1,False,[deleted]
camping,"So, I'm in need of finding a camping buddy. I've gone solo a few times and I love it but I'd like to find someone who enjoys the outdoors like myself. Any tips on how to accomplish this?",Need a camping buddy,6,False,itsjustkeeton
camping,[deleted],"Found a new fav campground in Key West, FL! Bahia Honda State Park was AWESOME!",1,False,[deleted]
camping,,Living room camping on a cold and rainy PNW day.,214,False,flapjacksrule
camping,I’m looking to sell my Nissan 370Z to potentially lease or own something that I can use to camp with. I’m on a budget so I’m looking at cheap options beyond the Subaru Outback (which I’m considering),Cheap vehicles that are good to camp in?,5,False,thetigertree
camping,[deleted],It was extra cold so we slept inside,16,False,[deleted]
camping,,"Trying out the new ""suv"" air mattress vs. tent at Death Valley NP. Comfortable and warm! Sunrise from my car window.",27,False,bakersteph
camping,,Desert camping,118,False,telekasterr
camping,,Our 10x12 inside set up. Floor pads help with rocky surfaces. We also have a small ceramic heater &amp; coffee maker set up that's not seen in the photo. Nothing is better than staying snuggled up in a sleeping bag with a cup of coffee first thing on a chilly winter morning.,5731,False,michalemabelle
camping,,"Yellowstone was full up last Summer but I found a wonderful tent site just north in the Gallatin National Forest, MT. Love a good sunset.",178,False,trekroller1
camping,,Core 12 Person Instant Cabin test run,163,False,BigTigerNuts
camping,[deleted],Spring Camping Trip to Cathedral Valley.,1,False,[deleted]
camping,[deleted],"Spring Camping trip to Cathedral Valley, UT!!",1,False,[deleted]
camping,[deleted],Spring camping trip to Cathedral Valley and Monument Valley.,1,False,[deleted]
camping,[deleted],Spring Camping trip to Cathedral valley and Monument Valley..,1,False,[deleted]
camping,[deleted],"Spring camping trip Cathedral Valley and Monument Valley, UT.",1,False,[deleted]
camping,,My camp fire Tampere -19 degree C,1,False,BenothmanM
camping,[deleted],Winter Camping near Moab..,1,False,[deleted]
camping,"I am seriously annoyed by how my piezo lighter doesn't light, even though I've emptied it and refilled it with lighter fluid.

I can see the piezo thingy causing sparks, but I have no idea how large the arcing light is supposed to be to ignite the gas.

The gas, obviously comes out of the lighter, and I've even managed to increase the gas flow a little, with no effect.

**Q: What could be wrong?** At this point I am more interested in knowing the issue, than getting the lighter working again.

I did noticed, some time ago, I got the lighter working again, as long as I stored it vertically, but that doesn't work when I try it again. Storing the lighter upright, does not make the lighter light up.

This lighter has a small window, so I can see what the level of gas liquid is inside at all times.

Somehow my mind is thinking of calculated expiration dates for consumer products, like light bulbs, but what could be wrong with this lighter? The piezo igniter seems to work.","My piezo lighter doesn't work, not even in room temperature, what could be wrong?",1,False,HumbrolUser
camping,"Hi, I have a self-inflating sleeping pad and it can be pretty bulky rolled up in its bag on trips. I’m wondering if I can pack it folded along the back of my pack without damaging it? Couldn’t find any answer online. Thanks!",Question about self-inflating pads,1,False,puertolobos
camping,,Manti Lá Sal National Forrest,13,False,greeneggsandham87
camping,"Me and my son are about to do our first wild camp in the next 3-4 weeks, our dog will be coming too. Location will be south west Scotland.  

Any tips, such as making a fire without scorching the ground, which food to cook in the fire, needs to appeal to a fussy 10 year old.  Going for a number 1 is easy enough what's the standard practice for number 2?

We want to try some basic bushcraft, any ideas on this?

Thanks.","First wild camp, any tips?",3,False,Thebigeasy1977
camping,,Hey guys check out our YouTube channel and recent video,1,False,AussieVenturesNO1
camping,"I have a Carinthia Defence 4 bag, which is rated at -15 degrees celcius comfort temperature. Even at 0 degrees I get very cold, and freeze all night. What should I do?",Freezing in my sleeping bag.,4,False,SquirtSudoku
camping,,Camping in Australia done right. Share your set ups.,1,False,nkrl888
camping,,Dancing Flames,1,False,SSDD_614
camping,,"Wanting to book 1-2 weeks of a campground, am i able to book this when the first day becomes available?",1,False,LiftingNurse
camping,,You may not like it but this is what peak camping looks like!,1,False,BeatmyWheat
camping,,Such a beautiful set for the day. Waiting for the new rise 🌄,1,False,just_a_tallguy
camping,,Pic not the best. But steak and veggies skillet cooked over the campfire.,1,False,BrokenNDriftin
camping,,After the storm southwest montana usa summer 2020,1,False,sweetguyBry
camping,,Is it camping If you are not in the woods?,1,False,Lakestang
camping,,Is it camping if you are not in the woods?,1,False,Lakestang
camping,,Soul searching in the snow,1,False,Wandering_soul74
camping,,"Campsite heaven in Willamette National Forest, Oregon",1,False,spunkycatz
camping,"I'm planning to camp for a couple months. From August to November. The biggest issue I'm having is finding a place to camp, preferably free but I have absolutely zero idea where to go. I want to go somewhere where I can be alone and not too dangerous because I've never camped this long before. I live in Florida currently but I'm willing to travel out of Florida to go anywhere.",Need help finding a place to camp for a couple months,1,False,AmmoMan111
camping,,Indoor camping,1,False,drunkbackpacker
camping,"Hey all, are these a thing? I can’t find any online.",Foldable hot tent stove,1,False,vendaaiccultist
camping,,"How To Make Baked Potatoes In A Campfire - Campfire Meal, Grill Survival...",1,False,Bushcraftyouyou
camping,,Snow turns camping into something hilarious. Location : Turkey / Belgrad Forest,1,False,MenInForest
camping,,Camping last night in Michigan Waterloo recreation,1,False,Mcaruso240
camping,,A silent camp in the woods of western Turkey,1,False,Lairuth
camping,,"Snow in California - Camp Nelson CA, in the Sequoia National Park",1,False,EdMen1992
camping,,"Couple of months ago we discovered a white sandy creek oasis about three miles down the river in Tuskegee National Forrest in Alabama, and last night we finally camped it.",1,False,berrey7
camping,,Smoked Prime Rib at our annual deer hunt,1,False,greeneggsandham87
camping,So I am curious on what are the popular/easy methods to keep your blades ( knife or axe) sharp while your in the bush. I know that if I'm only out for a day or few days my blades probably aren't going to become so dull they will be useless but I was thinking about a long term survival situation. Does anyone take a sharpening stone with them and if so what kind?,Keeping blades sharp,1,False,bushcraft4lyfe
camping,,My favorite part about camping is the company,1,False,greeneggsandham87
camping,"I have access to a lot of granite countertop cutouts.  The size of a sink or end piece of a large slab.  They are just a rock that is cut about an inch thick and polished on one side.  They make GREAT flat areas for camping cooking or anything a countertop can be used for.  Is it wrong to leave one of these at a campsite for the next person?  Not National Parks or private camping sites, but end/side of the road State or National Forest unpaid sites people use once in a while.  It is just rock. Toss it on another rock and they shatter into smaller rocks.",Is bringing a rock from one location to another and leaving it bad thing?,1,False,Complaint_Manager
camping,,"Sunrise Campfire &amp; Coffee— Henry Horton State Park, TN",1,False,Shuttle79
camping,"Like the title states, I’ve got 3 days of PTO to burn by the end of March and with weekends and days off needed during the week I could stretch it to 6-7 days in a row. 

I live in PA and would prefer to not be camping in freezing weather. I’m considering any states south of me and would prefer to not go lower than SC. 

What places that fit this criteria are worth checking out for the camping but also the nice weather?!",PTO to burn by March,0,False,cheekclapper412
camping,,fındık içi,1,False,karshaberleri
camping,,"Beautiful sunrise with a sea of fog on the way to Zion National Park, Southern Utah",4,False,elibarimirabile
camping,,Little surprise waking up to a collapsed tent with a couple inches of snow in AZ. Good thing we packed the necessities to make our morning a little better.,15,False,djuks64
camping,"A camping trip to Green River Lakes, Wyoming last summer..

https://preview.redd.it/3u4d0dbthhe61.jpg?width=6000&amp;format=pjpg&amp;auto=webp&amp;s=7f909dcf350e291a663fadb714ca89f2780617e2

*Processing img wtv19tcthhe61...*

https://preview.redd.it/a2n70gcthhe61.jpg?width=6000&amp;format=pjpg&amp;auto=webp&amp;s=c7b9b31b509f8134da9518771514a3c7da3be038","Green River Lakes, Wyoming.",2,False,Own_Seaworthiness523
camping,[deleted],"Green River Lake, Wyoming.",1,False,[deleted]
camping,"I love to camp. To me the best trip is remote and private, a challange to acess, weather backpacking or trucking. A clear night to cowboy camp under the stars. And a fire roasted hot dog. And some friends to share the time with.

To my wife- its a queen sized air matress inside an instant pop up tent with a rug and a heater. An entire refrigerator to cook meals on the bbq and both our dogs for company.

I also enjoy her style, but she dose not enjoy mine.",What is your ideal camp?,1,False,snooper27
camping,,Night one was freezing but beautiful. Tonight in South Carolina it should be warmer but half an inch of rain on the way overnight. First trial in the rain.,1,False,auxilary
camping,,My current situation.,1,False,campergirl25
camping,,Camping @ GEMINI BRIDGES,1,False,Own_Seaworthiness523
camping,Winter camping trip Veterans Day 2019!!,Winter camping @ Gemini Bridges near Canyonlands N.P. !!,1,False,Own_Seaworthiness523
camping,"I think I can conclude that I do not prefer winter camping in -20 deg C. 

I think I would prefer -5 deg C or -10 deg C.

In -14 deg C, I had a fairly good time in my sleeping bag, having a sleeping bag that should be ""usable"" down to -25 deg C. However at -20 deg C I could feel a chill presumably from the zipper line, which was only covered by some thinner bit of fabric and maybe a little filling.

Changing clothing in -20 deg C was surprisingly ok, probably helped by having dry clothing available ofc.

Putting on ""ice cold"" boots in -20 deg C, was also surprisingly trivial, and did not feel freezing cold, because I had dry socks and also had been previously using a shopping bag around each foot out in the cold.

By the campfire I got smoke in my eyes and I got tears in my eyes, and I felt my eyelashes starting to freeze. :D

My campfire lit up with one match though (firestarter heh), as I had been careful using dry wood only. I found some possibly non-dry wood from a fallen tree that blocked a trail and had to be sawed off, so I put two long logs at the bottom of the campfire to better reflect the heat and eventually those too at the bottom started to burn.

I was happy I had been using an assortment of hand liners, gloves and mittens, incl. thin water proof construction worker gloves.

When I got up in the night, feeling the chill in -20 deg C, and I had to take a piss, I had to make a decision if I wanted to try go at it, for the next 6 hours, or just walk home, so I walked home. :)

I had also been using a 1+ liter hot water flask (w. proper screw plug), and I noticed that the bag was still moderately warm after 6 hours being in the sleeping bag, but even with the hot water flask, the chill I felt was not fun and I wasn't sure what was wrong. Could be that it was the zipper area, or, that my neck strap did not fully seal my upper part of the body, even though I tried to make sure I had a tight fit.

I will now probably camp in less freezing conditiosn and also look into what a better sleeping bag might look like.",-20 C camping woes,1,False,HumbrolUser
camping,"&amp;#x200B;

https://preview.redd.it/tx70u92mnge61.jpg?width=6000&amp;format=pjpg&amp;auto=webp&amp;s=5325266714313acceb2fe2f7a1f0454e06254151

https://preview.redd.it/f0bzdi2mnge61.jpg?width=6000&amp;format=pjpg&amp;auto=webp&amp;s=a31f70b47f56c7af28548089493bb4e6b4511e7f",Winter camping near Canyonlands N.P. last winter!!!,1,False,Own_Seaworthiness523
camping,"&amp;#x200B;

*Processing img 62r08r1lmge61...*

*Processing img 4z52fr1lmge61...*",Winter Camping last winter near Canyonlands N.P.,1,False,Own_Seaworthiness523
camping,,"Island camping , narragansett bay RHODE ISLAND. 3 summers ago",1,False,Sberry_rvcamper1
camping,,Go camping they said. Get away from people. Enjoy nature,1,False,Sberry_rvcamper1
camping,,"I love winter camping! Here are a few shots from my most recent camping trip. Spent the night near second peak of Mt Seymour n ar Vancouver, BC. Camping in the winter is a bit more challenging than the other seasons, but with the right equipment and the right experience it is amazing!",1,False,graemereaperbc
camping,,Glamping in South China with my girl. We are camping rookies who love the vibe.,1,False,WILLWILLGOING
camping,,"Not so much winter camping, but camping at Lunch Counter on Mt Adams in Washington state last September. Had to knock the ice off my tent the next morning, but the stars were amazing that night. Two day hike up.",1,False,Kuydog
camping,Hey All.  I am planning a campervan trip in June to Oregon with my daughter (9) and brother (not 9).  Any recommendations for places to go inland oregon would be appreciated.  My brother has done the coast so we want to try other things.  Looking for recs you wouldn't find on a standard goolge search.,Oregon Campervan trip,1,False,cubsbank
camping,"Hey everybody,

Noob camper here. I’m taking my family (wife and 3 young children) camping in a couple weeks at Sam Houston National Forest. It will be my first time truly camping, but as we are moving to Denver in a few months, and intend to really get into more outdoor living with the kids, we figured this would be a good start. While I don’t have a lot of experience camping, I do consider myself to be relatively capable outdoors, so I’m looking forward to finding out how right or wrong I am.

We have most of the essentials taken care of already (tent, sleep mat and bags, and various other items), but the one thing I’m very curious about is food. Option 1 is obviously to just bring a cooler and make sandwiches, but I’d like to cook at least 1 might. My wife thinks we need to just buy a stove, while I’d prefer to try cooking over a campfire. I’d be interested to know how much of a learning curve there is to cooking with a fire.

Also any other tips anyone can provide are welcome!",Camp cooking,1,False,vbresina
camping,,Since we’re doing winter trips... my buddy and I a couple years back at flagstaff lake. 5 mile hike in and out!,1,False,fiatluxs4
camping,,Snow camping up on Mt. Rainier,1,False,lego_reactor
camping,,🧟‍♀️,1,False,hotwirehenry
camping,,Summer vibes,1,False,SmokeyBearDontCare
camping,,Roof top on the Mississippi,1,False,travelin-Kentuckian
camping,I just purchased a berghaus air 8 and I am interested in buying the air porch however im just wondering am I able to use any tent porch or does it have to be berghaus specific.,Berghaus air8 and porch question,1,False,Boonina
camping,,All set up for a great weekend of camping.,1,False,AttitudeCool
camping,"Planning a travel to New England in the spring, traveling from FLA to MASS and would like to stay at interesting, tiny campgrounds - like Trimble Park, in Mount Dora, FLA. Little county parks, etc.  Suggestions????  Cautions?","Suggestions for small (say, County) campgrounds from FLA to MASS",1,False,Any_Bank4132
camping," TL/DR: just curious what others do in regards to campsite layout to fend off critters.

I’ve grilled tasty smelling foods on grills and made stews in Dutch ovens for most of my camping life. With that even though food and garbage was stored in the car after dinner my campsites were typically visited by various scavenging omnivores during the night. I’m pretty sure it was the remnants of cooking grease that attracted them.

They would come check out the tent even though I would wear different clothes than I cooked in. I would hear stuff get knocked over outside the tent, you know typical stuff.

I tried an experiment the last five campouts. I was hiking / dispersed camping. My fire and cook area was at least a hundred feet away from my sleep area. Plus I only made easy meals with a single pot and an alcohol stove. Nothing with a heavy aroma but yet still tasty. I left no food bits behind as is my general practice. My food bag was hung somewhere between the cooking area and my hammock.

The only animals that I encountered were deer. In one case there were a pair of bucks running around a nearby clearing snorting and clicking at each other in the full overhead moonlight.

The other was a deer at dawn who saw my hammock and kept smacking his hoof on the ground while he stared at me. Both truly cool experiences.

Other than that, no trash pandas, bears or anything bothered my campsite at night.

Do you think 100’ away is overkill for campfires or cooking?",What is your typical distance between campfire / cooking area and where you sleep?,1,False,MixIllEx
camping,,We are buying some large acreage and planning on having a few campsites. Do you use private campsites and what do you look for in a campsite? Thank you.,1,False,4Elemental
camping,,What price are you paying for insurance on a class B RV.,1,False,IllstudyYOU
camping,,Fire is life in the outdoors,1,False,harshmanhills
camping,,Fire is life in the outdoors,1,False,harshmanhills
camping,"I just picked up a new 4-season bivy and want to try it out in the snow. The location I was planning on testing it out is a campground in the summer, but in the winter it's mostly unused. It's right beside a fairly busy cross-country skiing trail and a snowshoe trail, about 2-3 hours by snowshoe from a ski resort.

The problem I have is that the new bivy is bright orange and kinda looks like an emergency shelter. I'm worried that someone might see me from one of the trails and think I'm in trouble. Is there a good way to mark the site and make it look like I'm there intentionally? My plan is to dig a trench to sleep in (for the wind) and then mark around it with flagging tape on sticks so I don't get stepped on if it snows. I'll also have my rucksack and snowshoes there outside the bivy which might help.

I still want to be fairly visible so that I can be found easily if something goes wrong and I don't return when I'm supposed to, but I also don't really want to be bothered if everything is fine.

Has anyone dealt with this before? Am I just overthinking it? Any advice is appreciated.",Worried about bivy bag looking like an emergency,1,False,3ocene
camping,,RV Life - Joshua Tree National Park Part 2 - RV Living,1,False,JUST-ONE-ADVENTURE
camping,,RV Life - Joshua Tree National Park Part 2 - RV Living,1,False,JUST-ONE-ADVENTURE
camping,,RV Life - Joshua Tree National Park Part 2 - RV Living,1,False,JUST-ONE-ADVENTURE
camping,,Beautiful please,1,False,The_Hunter6506
camping,,"Recent find, they seem like they're in good shape. Any advice before I head out in snow?",1,False,trashtrucktoot
camping,,Nature Photos,1,False,Gi_Giv
camping,,"After years of taking long exposure and time-lapse photography across the country, I’ve finally put them all together. If you want to see more content like this, please follow @crucible_pictures on Instagram.",1,False,Batyams
camping,,Sights and sounds of the snowy Squamish river,1,False,Suspicious_Profile48
camping,"Hey everyone I was thinking about getting a Hennessey hammock. Seen quite a few videos of them being used and they look great. They seem packable, light and easy to set up. Anyone have any experience with these hammocks? Or can anyone suggest another dependable hammock. TIA",Hennessey Hammock,1,False,bushcraft4lyfe
camping,,"Sometimes, you just make do. This was one of our winter backpacking trips in the Sierra Nevada.",1,False,vengeanceasx
camping,,Trip with family and friends location: Jeddah-Saudi Arabia,1,False,Mfayez91
camping,,*!$##?!***!!! Free campers. #sberryrvcamper. Rhode island USA,1,False,Sberry_rvcamper1
camping,,Camping at the beach!,1,False,MrsSmith13
camping,"It’s just as simple as that, folks. I want to make sure I don’t freeze (especially if there’s wind/rain and a fire is not viable). Any general tips or gear recommendations? The temperature where I’m going averages 35to15F/2to-9C.",Prepping for first winter camping trip! Advice?,1,False,NDartsyGM
camping,,Winter / Late season hammock camping. Would this work in conjunction with a sleeping bag and nothing else? Or do I need to get an under quilt with a sleeping bag and a static pad (blow up air mat that would normally keep me off the ground).,1,False,USReaper
camping,"Hello! Need some advice on what to get. It must be big enough for a family of four

Thanks",Best cast iron pot for campfire cooking,1,False,HugeFruit2138
camping,,"luckily the campground was full so we found this spot literally on the edge of the Mogollon Rim instead (Payson in the distance, 2k ft down) (a few years ago)",1,False,badmamerjammer
camping,"I live in the Atlanta area and have a tent for my Jeep Cherokee. Two dry runs in my backyard with the new gear so far, one field run a dozen miles away, and now this weekend I head about 100 miles northeast solo to Lake Keowee in South Carolina (near Clemson) for two nights. First nights in rain. 

Where are y’all off to this weekend, what’s the weather your are expecting and what gear are you running?","Where is everyone camping this weekend, starting January 29th, 2021?",1,False,auxilary
camping,,North woods during a snow storm. Nothing and everything at the same time. -In the woods we return to reason and faith. -Ralph Waldo Emerson-,1,False,getinked3
camping,,I just picked up a new T.,1,False,Soup-Quick
camping,,Comparativa de aislamientos,1,False,campero-campero
camping,,"Seasoned steak in the of Wadi Abaythran, Saudi Arabia",1,False,HussamG
camping,,"A dog, a hammock and a campfire",1,False,dogsinthewoods
camping,I was thinking of taking my family camping this summer and have heard great things about moose river plains in the adirondacks. Was wondering if anyone had recommendations on which camp sites are best for seclusion fishing and swimming in this area,Recommendations for Moose river plains adirondacks,1,False,dkmartin75
camping,,Pleasant Valley Campground on the Owens during the 2020 fires,1,False,Public-Dependent-340
camping,,The iKamper withstood another snowstorm in the Sierras (Shaver Lake). Life is good. https://youtu.be/66PkmoRiQyQ,1,False,WayfaringAviator
camping,I am taking my kids camping for the first time this summer I haven't gone since my oldest was born so about 4-5 years. I'm a relatively experienced camper.  I'm looking for suggestions of places to camp whether it's a campground or primitive camping between central New York and the Adirondacks. Preferably free with easy access to fishing and swimming. I hate camping at a campground right on top of other people's camp sites. Usually I would just hike in one of the parks but having small children I'd like somewhere I can have my car near the camp. All suggestions are appreciated!,Looking for secluded family camping in central new york,1,False,dkmartin75
camping,,Savings Store,1,False,stonkvestor
camping,,"Camping in Gleeson’s Landing, South Australia",1,False,KeniCamwell
camping,,There must be sufficient preparation for every expedition in the wild.,1,False,mier-bill
camping,,"Camping in Killarney Provincial Park, Ontario",1,False,PretzelsAreThirsty
camping,,Moonrise on the Mojave Desert,1,False,wthom4s
camping,What are your must-have items/equipment for a week-long backpacking?,Backpacking,1,False,nerdyhack
camping,,"Just patiently waiting to go camping again, in the meantime, I guess I'll start updating gear",1,False,Dankmemeator
camping,,"""fire and the nigh sky are two things you can look at for hours""",1,False,canadamanfromwest
camping,,Can't Wait for the Sun Again in Western Ontario,1,False,PointyTrident
camping,"Going on my first solo trip on Saturday with the dog. Figure I would go easy and do limit cooking sense I am still buying gear. Can anyone recommend an easy and simple meal to cook for dinner? Breakfast is simple with cowboy coffee and bacon and eggs. Only cook supplies I have are a cast iron skillet and the basic kit you get for hiking. I have a 1 burner colemans stove I was going to bring, but will have access to a fire pit. Any suggestions???",Meal ideas?,1,False,dogscycletoo78
camping,,Camping just outside of Austin! Pretty cool spot. Russell Park.,1,False,BrokenNDriftin
camping,[removed],Help me out by answering this quick survey,1,False,canadiancountermaker
camping,,Market research survey,1,False,[deleted]
camping,[removed],Help me out by answering this short survey,1,False,canadiancountermaker
camping,"I live in the DC Metro area and am looking for an escape. I’m looking to go out to the mountains with my dog, and seeing as its winter I was looking for a cabin. I’m not looking for anything fancy, but I definitely want something off the beaten path with nice mountain or forest views.

I’m probably not looking at the best sites or just expecting a bit too much. Most of what I’m finding is houses or “cabins” in town and/or meant for 4+ people. It’s literally just me and my 35lb dog.

I’m willing to travel up to 6 hours for this getaway - but given COVID restrictions I know some areas may not be an option.

Any recommendations are appreciated!",Looking for Recommendations: Rustic Cabin Camping and Pet-Friendly,1,False,furnixtael
camping,"I work at a cpground and we are thinking of building a hammock site with permanent posts. I have never used one before. Anyone have a layout of a design for a site? And those who do hammock camp, what are some of the good and bad of developed hammock sites?",Hammock camping,1,False,wilberthabbersham
camping,"Sup yall,

Thinking of heading up to trona Saturday morning, some good rain is expected Friday nigh.  I've never been up there, I'm wondering if its a gamble, are the roads sandy? more gravel packed? any pointers would be great.

Cheers!",Trona Pinnacles post rain?,1,False,EggwinZee
camping,,Fire roasted chicken for the camp family!,1,False,killadoublebrown
camping,,I'm in! Let's go.,3,False,Long_Bath
camping,"Those in CA, with the restrictions lifted, are any campgrounds open again? Hard to tell.",Bay Area/Northern California Campgrounds open now?,1,False,JTmarvel
camping,"Hammocking with my son on an island 2019. 2020 trip got cancelled because of...  well you know.

&amp;#x200B;

https://preview.redd.it/vdlj2howp3e61.png?width=2390&amp;format=png&amp;auto=webp&amp;s=a1b1853c25b6047133b73d9a4d5c6a388bf8c5f1",Hammock camping on an island,1,False,harmloss_lol
camping,,"Campfire and beautiful sunset at Harriman State Park, NY",1,False,Mr-Epictetus
camping,"I just booked a site at fish creek in Glacier NP, in my rush to get a site before they're all gone I didn't really look it over too much, until after when I notice that it says ""site not suitable for tents"", even though they let me choose a tent as my equipment and have it listed on the site as being allowed. What do they mean? Am I going to have problems setting up when I get there?","Site not suitable for tents- but tents are ""allowable equipment"". What does that mean?",1,False,NormanQuacks345
camping,,The Onion is throwing shade,1,False,DregsDregging
camping,,a four-day trip to the cabin in the southern part of Norway,1,False,Ollakalla86
camping,,"Tough picture to capture, but my most exciting camping to date! Camping at the base of Volcan Pacaya in Guatemala! Yes, that’s lava in the background!",1,False,Mr_Montiel
camping,,Fodable rocket stove i made for a camper.,1,False,harametals
camping,"I’m not from the island but my dad and sister we’re born there. Dad is what you call an ex-pat and sister hasn’t been since birth. 

I have traveled to the island a handful of times always staying with aunts and uncles who are all much older now. They don’t really hike and camp they are more the casino type. 

Is a solo camping trip to Puerto Rico feasible? I do speak Spanish and look like and islander. Has anyone camped and if so where on the island. Looking to stay near family in case (Arecibo Area), but open to any ideas or suggestions.",Puerto Rico Camping advice 🇵🇷,1,False,Gi_Giv
camping,,I survived the night with my best friend during NC’s snowstorm (hammock camp),1,False,tylotz_02
camping,[removed],Best Honey benefits in health,1,False,pure_herbs
camping,,Geertop camping tent - TopRoad 3// Three colors options. Do you guys like it?!,1,False,Jamineovo
camping,"So I brought ketchup with me camping, in the freezing cold. I thought I could just thawn the frozen bottle of ketchup somehow, but now I am not sure what to do, because it seems obvious to me that the ketchup would re-freeze several times over if one leave it in the cold over serveral days.

Maybe ketchup bags would be better? Thawns more easily and portions better?",How do I best thawn a bottle of ketchup in winter?,1,False,HumbrolUser
camping,,Best camping sites in north India,1,False,rahulmotoz1
camping,,Good morning beautiful people,1,False,SamfromGlasgow
camping,,Find great camping products on gobigshoppe.com with FREE shipping worldwide.,1,False,Gobigshoppe
camping,Hey I’m in Missouri and was wondering the best places to go camping in the Colorado mountains. Also please give any info that may be needed. Like passes I might have to get,Colorado camping,1,False,xjarren_3_eazyx
camping,,Doggos bed for camping. Anyone got something similar?,4,False,browsingwhileishit
camping,,Beautiful sun rise &amp; Camping @Hong Kong,1,False,thewildsky
camping,,Went solo camping and this happened. Run in with a Cougar!🐱,1,False,HalfInsaneOutDoorGuy
camping,,Campground at Havasupai falls,10,False,nando223
camping,,Camping from above,6,False,AussieVenturesNO1
camping,,Winter camping from 2 years ago. Going again next week.,6,False,dumuzi
camping,how about you?,i like camping,1,False,kongida
camping,I’m looking for a place to camp/ bushcraft for a week in Michigan does anyone know of any cool spots?,Best places in Michigan?,3,False,Berlekamp21
camping,,🍻Cheers🍻,5,False,HarborHillGlassworks
camping,,About today's morning stroll!,10,False,just_a_tallguy
camping,,"Lijiang, a healthy place to escape city stress, with an excellent environment and leisurely lifestyle",8,False,pecron
camping,So anyone go cold weather camping with their dog?  I'm teething to figure out what to take for my border collie when we go out.  I have boots and coat.  Not sure what else to specialize for cold weather.  She goes during warm weather with me all the time.,Doggie Camping?,4,False,ValkyrieKitten
camping,"I was wondering if anyone knows of any good spots for overnight car/van camping in or around Big Bear Resort. I have a Sprinter Van that can fit essentially anywhere a car does, but unfortunately it's not AWD, preventing me from getting to anywhere too tricky. 

I'm originally from Salt Lake, so I'm used to the snow, but don't have any frame of reference for Big Bear during the winter. Ideally I'm looking for anywhere to park overnight, somewhere that I won't get ticketed or hassled. 

Curious if there are any year round campsites, overnight lots, dispersed camping, etc. 

Any advice is appreciated!","Big Bear Resort, CA - Winter Van Camping",3,False,bagofwoah
camping,,Plaid pals 👯‍♂️😎 couldn’t be cooler,350,False,kenyam123
camping,[deleted],"Camping alone, until I can camp w/ friends.",5,False,[deleted]
camping,,"Camping alone, until I can camp w/ friends.",287,False,trashtrucktoot
camping,"What are some of your most trusted and needed ""things"" for car camping?  
Thinking about seeing some National Parks and instead of a camper or hotels, I think that living in my SUV would be a good idea. I know campstove/pots &amp; pans/cast iron, blankets, cooler.   
But what are some other ones you have used in the past and continue in the future?  


Bonus points for any campsites you have used in the past.",US national Parks Car Camping Essentials?,2,False,ZOODUDE100
camping,,My almost monthly Mojave desert getaway pics from last month dec 2020. It was cold asf for me.,6,False,Tasty_Astronomer240
camping,,Hello everyone! Me and my best friend Mentos went out to the woods this Saturday. And i made some tasty dinner! Butter cooked turkey with onion infused shroom sauce besides freshly cooked potatoes. I hardly recommend to try out recipe! Video ? ---&gt; https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2Co63mAQJBY,2,False,asavickas
camping,Looking for a place to set up camp in two weeks! Would love a super scenic view to wake up to. Any recs out there?,Campsites with a view in North Carolina?,2,False,Lauren_Noel
camping,,Just received this hand forged axe / hatchet. What’s something I can use to preserve and protect the wood and my hands from abuse? Just oil? Or gloves....,1,False,Highgrowponics
camping,,"4,000 mile Family Vacation, 38 people total (all vehicles/campers traveled together)",1,False,SilvanPierce
camping,,View from the van - Grand Teton National Park - Wyoming,1,False,SummitOutdoor
camping,,Our Solo Stove Ranger in action. Loving this!!!,1,False,No_Consequence_2785
camping,,"We had no plans for the day, so we figured why not walk a few hundred metres into the woods and make the fish soup outside instead? Hallingdalen, Norway",1,False,creative_userid
camping,Can't wait to get back out camping once lockdown lifts. Missing some nice sunrises and sunsets being stuck at home.,missing camping,1,False,campmehappy2
camping,[removed],Asking for help,1,False,Raven-1500
camping,[removed],"If you want to get $200 Amazon Gift Card free, click here and submit email.",1,False,ToddECameron
camping,,Thought someone here might find this useful.,1,False,ponyfloat
camping,,"Perspective is a humbling thing. I heard a lot of complaints about how the quarantine impacted the mind of many, in a negative way. It impacted mine in a positive one.",1,False,tiuvarta
camping,,Our Wilderness Escape Mobile Camper,1,False,HorizonOverland
camping,,Took this photo last october in eastern Finland and just realized that i love it as wallpaper awell.,1,False,palpati9
camping,,The solo stove... My favorite spontaneous facebook purchase.,1,False,kimoflurane
camping,,Any one have any personal methods of dealing with mosquitos and black flies while spring/summer camping in northern ontario?,1,False,MilkSoCold
camping,,レッドレーザーポインター100mw指し棒型 赤色レーザーペン型レーザーポインター 強力,1,False,No_Farm7355
camping,"We camped here for 4 nights between Christmas and New Year.

*Processing img 1817lgqgold61...*",Camping at Al Sila in the Arabian Gulf,1,False,handle1976
camping,,"Camping at Ft Jefferson, Dry Tortugas NP. 70 miles west of Key West FL, it's got the best beach in the Keys and a night sky to die for",2,False,facebookcansuckit
camping,,"Camping at Ft Jefferson, Dry Tortugas NP. 70 miles west of Key West. Best beach in the Keys, and billions of stars at night. Worth the effort!",1,False,facebookcansuckit
camping,I am looking for a good travel guide or book that includes state parks all around in the US. Any good recommendation?,State park guide recommendation,1,False,goshzxc
camping,,My First ever Winter Overnighter! I did it under a small hennessy hammock tarp and managed to get a big fire going - very cozy! 😊,1,False,antonoutdoor
camping,"Hey all, looking for some experienced folks who have the GSI cookset. I love to cook outside and did a lot in scouts. 

I’m intrigued by the pack-ability of the sets. In the perfect world, I’d get the Pinnacle full camper set, but honestly as a single guy, the backpacker seems enough for me. Anyone have the Bugaboo instead? I’m down for a lower price if they preform similar. 

Love to car camp, and I’m looking for something to help me stay out in the woods longer. Around two nights. Interested in MSR too if they have a good option.",Anyone have the GSI cookset?,1,False,Bigmtnskier91
camping,"I have 3 big dogs. 1 is a boxer/Rottweiler, 1 is a husky, and the other one is a pitbull/black lab. My concern is how to keep them in the area. I was looking for portable fences or something. We have stakes for the ground but I'm so paranoid about them pulling it out, which happened once. 

We can't afford a rv or a rv rental. I would like to get your ideas and inputs on this. I miss camping and my pups hold me back from going back out.","I have 3 big dogs and want to go camping, but I got concerns.",1,False,izzyslife
camping,,"Montgomery Bell State Park, TN",1,False,Shuttle79
camping,"I've gone camping with my family multiple times when I was younger, I'm now 25 with a wife and daughter, and I really want to get back into camping. I have a large tent, chairs, and an air mattress, that's about it. I'm just wondering what are your guys must haves for camping? Any tools that make your experience that much better? I'd love to hear. Thank you!",What are your camping must haves??,1,False,RedWingsFan24
camping,,New to camping. What tents do you guys recommend for 5 or so people?,1,False,Altruistic-Addendum7
camping,,First winter camping trip on top of « mont des morios » in Quebec. -16 celsius with winds up to 65 km/h,1,False,QueefJobs
camping,My close group of friends never like camping and never want to come along with me and the few times they have come they complain a lot. How do I go about this because I’m willing to go almost every weekend. I’m willing to go by myself 18(f) but kinda worried if anything bad were to happen. For the people that solo camp do you have helpful emergency items? Do I need a new group of friends? Jk but fr.,My friends hate camping!,1,False,nalidwildin
camping,"Hey everyone, I'm looking to order a tent in time for valentine's day, and I've tried looking around the discount websites, and I think I've narrowed my choices down.

Ideally, what I buy will be useful in future genuine camping endeavors.  My girlfriend and I aren't \*hardcore\* outdoorsy people, but we enjoy hiking and I want to introduce her to some good camping experiences in the future.  This tent can serve as (A) bonafide camping gear, or (B) a cheap shelter that we can bring along if we decide to include other people and have (by then) bought a better separate tent for ourselves.

I think [this Stoic Driftwood 3](https://www.steepandcheap.com/stoic-driftwood-3-tent-3-person-3-season) would serve well for (A), while [this Wakeman 6-person](https://www.overstock.com/Sports-Toys/6-Person-Tent-Water-Resistant-Dome-Tent-for-Camping-With-Removable-Rain-Fly-And-Carry-Bag-Blue-By-Wakeman-Outdoors/15439589/product.html?refccid=6JIEM6DEDS6LGGSBC5I54SFTCM&amp;searchidx=39&amp;kwds=camping%20tents&amp;rfmt=top_rated%3ATop%20Rated) seems to fulfill the goals of (B).

For the sake of my uses for V-day, spaciousness, and comfort is more important to me than durability/quality/utility - which is why I'm even considering the Wakeman.  What I'm looking for by way of feedback is whether the I should dismiss the Wakeman entirely because it's crap, or whether I should skip on the Stoic because I'll probably find a good deal on a good quality 2-3 person tent in the future.  I only really see myself pulling the trigger on something like the Stoic (or any comparable alternatives provided below) if it's pointed out that the sale opportunity is really crazy.

Thanks!",Help me pick a tent!,1,False,SirHammyTheGreat
camping,,"Wanted to share my Portable All-In-One Kitchen kit! It's waterproof, dustproof, crushproof, and contains everything I need for food prep. Modded from a hard-case &amp; can withstand any weather that's thrown at it.",1,False,PNWDIY
camping,,The most important thing you need to know when camping!,1,False,uncleal2020
camping,Looking for a good bag to use as a edc,Looking for a good edc for outdoors,1,False,I20kI
camping,It would be really beneficial to get advice from women about some camping related things,Is there an active subreddit for women and camping?,1,False,reasonsishouldbe
camping,,Another camping trip in the books. Can’t wait to head north for the spring.,1,False,fuck_you_science
camping,,Another camping trip in the books. Can’t wait to head north for the spring.,1,False,fuck_you_science
camping,,https://sociali.io/ref/gu51874460,1,False,AdCandid469
camping,"So I'm new to the bushcraft field but I've been doing a lot of research and am in the process of getting some gear I can rely on. I haven't had the opportunity to go out in the field because I personally do not own any land nor do I know anyone at the moment who has sufficient wooded area that I could practice. So I've been looking in to camping around lakes, rivers etc. However I have been worried about the legal aspect. I prefer not to trespass on someone's land and cut anything down because I wouldn't want someone to do that to me. Also I have found that the government land that surrounds the lakes they do not allow camping off of a developed site (sites that have water and electric hookups and there are some ""primitive"" sites that's just a cleared area with a gravel patch for a tent.) Any suggestions? TIA",New to bushcraft and need advice,1,False,bushcraft4lyfe
camping,,Summer Camping,1,False,trapezium_cluster
camping,We love camping at the beach but I hate vacuuming sand out and finding it for weeks after the trip... We want to camp off the water and have the same great time minus the sand. So I was wondering if there are any good rivers or lakes that are around the San Antonio or Austin TX area that can provide the same great vibes?,Best place to camp/overland off the water that is NOT the beach?,1,False,wetno0dle
camping,"&amp;#x200B;

*Processing img 0tjoauwi9id61...*",Camping in the Arabian Gulf at Al Si'la near the UAE /Saudi border,1,False,handle1976
camping,"Hi. I own this.

I have used it half a dozen times. When I do so, all my friends and family make comments like ""Oh so we glamping"" and then they're so happy and cozy. It is \*absolutely\* required to use a 10x10 straight leg tent with this. The photo says ""canopy not included"" but it should say ""canopy and frame not included"" Kind of expensive altogether but I adore it. I originally bought it to lure my non-outdoorsy friends and fam to camping but honestly now even I love it and I never thought I'd love car camping so much. ( I'm mainly a backpacker )

[https://www.walmart.com/ip/Ozark-Trail-7-Person-2-in-1-Screenhouse-Connect-Tent-with-Sewn-in-Floor/677979266](https://www.walmart.com/ip/Ozark-Trail-7-Person-2-in-1-Screenhouse-Connect-Tent-with-Sewn-in-Floor/677979266)

Now is a good time to buy. It sells out all summer.

&amp;#x200B;

I use two cots in it but it would easily fit 4 cots.","For those who like it lush, this is the single greatest tent of all time. G.O.A.T.",1,False,queenannechick
camping,"  

**Bell Tent Sussex**

Luxury Family **Bell Tents for sale** for, glamping and festivals camping, lovingly handcrafted with 100% organic cotton canvas. A waterproof unzippable tent, perfect camping tents all year round. 

[www.belltentsussex.co.uk](http://www.belltentsussex.co.uk/) 

Our 100% cotton canvas bell tents make a great option for camping in the great outdoors. We offer tents from 3 meters to 6 meters that provide ample room for family and friends. We cherish the fact that the product is made with organic, premium quality cotton canvas for long-lasting use. All camping tents are crafted 280 GSM canvas materials for durability and longevity.

For convenience, these tents are faster to set up without worrying over their tension and tightness of the pegs and poles. It comes with strong guy ropes and heavy duty quality pegs, and poles. Our tents have galvanized steel tube and copper-zinc coated for better stability. They’re also easy to carry and very convenient for storage.

All our bell tents our waterproof and strong enough to endure the harshest of weathers. Our tents of all sizes have thick PVC flooring for better protection against dirt and grime and are fully zipped and sealed making them 100% waterproof, also keeps out ALL bugs.

What’s more it has 4 half-moon windows and 4 vents on the apex that are meshed for better breathability. Our Bell Tents also come with a polyester anti-bug net to get rid of those pesky mosquitoes.

Bell Tent Sussex also sells portable wood burning stoves, perfect for inside the bell tents, canvas awnings, cast iron tea pots, coir mats, air beds and much more.

To look at our range of products please see links below, we have a live online chat, so feel free to ask us any questions you may have. 

[www.belltentsussex.co.uk](http://www.belltentsussex.co.uk/) 

3m Bell Tent - [https://belltentsussex.co.uk/product/bell-tent-3-metre/](https://belltentsussex.co.uk/product/bell-tent-3-metre/)

4m Bell Tent - [https://belltentsussex.co.uk/product/bell-tent-4-metre/](https://belltentsussex.co.uk/product/bell-tent-4-metre/)

5m Bell Tent - [https://belltentsussex.co.uk/product/bell-tent-5-metre/](https://belltentsussex.co.uk/product/bell-tent-5-metre/)

6m Bell Tent - [https://belltentsussex.co.uk/product/bell-tent-6-metre/](https://belltentsussex.co.uk/product/bell-tent-6-metre/) 

Porch For Bell Tent - [https://belltentsussex.co.uk/product/arc-porch/](https://belltentsussex.co.uk/product/arc-porch/) 

Awning For Bell Tent - [https://belltentsussex.co.uk/product/canopy-awning/](https://belltentsussex.co.uk/product/canopy-awning/) 

Stoves For Bell tent - [https://belltentsussex.co.uk/product/portable-wood-burning-stove/](https://belltentsussex.co.uk/product/portable-wood-burning-stove/)",Bell tent Sussex,1,False,Bell-Tent-Sussex
camping,"I really wanted to go to this campsite I like being at, but with snow and additional snow fall, I was simply exhausted and failing to complete the last 10% of the trip, and I had to put up my tent near a trail. Pushing on was just not an option.

Worse still, I spent two hours unable to get a campfire started at -14 deg C the next morning. Luckily I could make warm food by boiling water. The sleeping bag was warm, so that was nice, but the nose got cold. I will try bring  a filter mask and cut holes in it, to protect the nose a little while not really blocking air, maybe that will help keep the nose warmer. I even wore a bakalava, but it only has a small piece of fabric covering the nose and the bakalava (face mask) wasn't enough to keep the nose warm.

I did not want to quit, but I can't stay out there atm, so I went home without my gear, but I did take the time to stopming up a path through the snow the final 10% of the way. Luckily I managed to find the unmarked trail spot on, a second time, after the second snow fall, so that was fun. Some snapped branches indicates where the trail goes, but those marker aren't everywhere.

I think I will stay home for a few days and get back out, hopefully after the weather gets a little warmer, in some days it will be -15 outside, and probalby -18 in the forest.

I also had a firebox that I failed to light, so I made sure to bring it home, loosing a kilo of weight from my backpack that way. I also noticed that I had somehow brought ten pegs, probably another 200-300g weight I brought home as well. I don't need the tent pegs in winter.

I will go out again soon and bring more spirit fuel, firestarters and a woolen sweater, lots of matches and most importantly, plenty of plain woolen socks (not the thick one I already sleep with those).

So, btw, I tried out a new thing on this trip. Using leather boots, in addition to adding the goo to try seal the leather from water a couple of days before, I also used to shopping bags in plastic, in my boots. This I think helped me keeping me more warm, preventing sweat to soak the leather boots on the inside. It worked nicely. I also use various soles. Foam soal which is comfy, and soles for better insulation and warmth.","Had to quit sort of, things didn't go as planned (backpacking)",1,False,HumbrolUser
camping,,Beautiful natural mosaics were everywhere this past weekend.,1,False,tiuvarta
camping,"Attention all Adirondack park campers! I have a poll in r/Sacandagacampground. Come vote on your favorite spots and join the subreddit if you want. hope to see you all participate.

\-Aiden snyder

   mod of r/Sacandagacampground",Sacandaga campground poll,1,False,yankeesfan2DJ
camping,,Our very first time camping and stargazing. I can't wait to find some more spots to try out!,1,False,badnanas
camping,,AZ winter camping comes highly recommended.,1,False,cosmic_hiker738
camping,,"I quit my job as an RN in October to have more time and better mental health for my kids. This was our celebration trip to Blue Valley Campground near Highlands, NC. Their first “roughin it” trip, they did great!",1,False,ilovetacobellyum
camping,"Hello! I'm wondering if it's ok to set up a tent in a park for a few hours. I've tried looking it up online, but it seems like it's only an issue if someone is sleeping in a tent overnight. I'm trying to find some alone time with my bf (we both live with our parents, and we don't want to stay in a hotel due to COVID), so I was wondering if a tent being up for a few hours would be a legal issue.

I live in California if that makes a difference.

Thank you!",Can I set up a tent anywhere (as long as it's not overnight)?,1,False,throwawayasjlaskf
camping,,"There was a massive storm during the night, water dripping through the tent, and harsh winds. At one point I felt the ground shake, only to realise in the morning that a tree had fallen, fortunately it fell in a perfect arch over my tent",1,False,space43cowboy
camping,,"View from my tent on the Mogollon Rim, AZ",1,False,insanedialectic
camping,,"Morning on the swamp, Tickfaw State Park, Springfield, LA.",1,False,oldsmellybastard
camping,"Ive never camped before in my life but have always wanted to go out and escape the city for a couple days. Im a nyc city guy (19yrs old). Been watching a lot of camping tips and stuff on youtube. I want to know your opinions on if i should go solo camping, and if not how can i get into the camping scene without anyone to personally show me.",First time camping (solo),1,False,Escaped_Philosphy
camping,,"A Man and his Dog Make Camp- Shenandoah VA, Cub Run Rd",1,False,thumbhammer4268
camping,,Remembering the backing through Tennessee this past summer,1,False,bingpot108
camping,,missing setting up camp with this guy at lake tahoe this summer,1,False,timelessgypsie
camping,,Winter camp - NorCo,1,False,aestheticy
camping,,Weekend trip to the Gila Forest in NM,1,False,Admirallani
camping,"I am getting an RV in May 2021. I'm thinking of ideas about where to stay, what to do. What are the suggestions and handy tips that you would give to a fellow camper?",Help for the first camping trip?,1,False,vanotterlo
camping,,My first time camping in snow!,1,False,RustyTrunk
camping,"I apologise if this isn't allowed but wanted to try and reach as many people as possible. 

This year my partner will be taking on the mammoth task of walking 117miles from coast to coast in memory of our son George who was sadly born sleeping last year in April at just 5 months in pregnancy. He will be doing this for a charity who helped us with the service we held for George. Please click the link and consider donating so the charity can continue helping other parents financially unable to have the funeral/memorial of there wishes for their precious baby/child. [https://www.goldengiving.com/fundraising/GeorgesMemory#.X6rWaXbZClY.facebook](https://www.goldengiving.com/fundraising/GeorgesMemory#.X6rWaXbZClY.facebook)",in memory of baby George,1,False,MummyOfAnAngel
camping,We have tented in the past as a couple but this year we will have a 1 year old. Does anybody tent with a toddler?? Or anybody with a family have a truck tent? Any advice or special gear? Hopeful for a fun summer of outdoors! Thanks!! :),Family camping,1,False,kingtutmoonbutt
camping,I’m in the market for a queen sized air mattress and two twin air mattresses. I’m for sleeping pads too if anyone has any recommendations? Thank you!,Air Mattress/Sleeping Pad?,1,False,gorbaby
camping,,Our first time camping in Kentucky! Nolin Lake State Park,1,False,not_who_you_know
camping,,"Dome tent camp in white snow, location Luanchuan County, Luoyang City, Henan Province, Mainland China.",1,False,Jerrychenist
camping,,He’s got a strong connection with the force,1,False,allma8
camping,,"Some quick pictures from this weekend's trip to Michaux St Forest in Southcentral PA. A nice, cold camping trip in the beautiful woods of Pennsylvania!",1,False,mithrandir96
camping,I know this seems like a dumb question. But I recieved a pair of lacrosse alpha burly pro muck boots for Christmas. They're the 1000 insulate. What type of socks will make them easier to get on and off?,Sock reference,1,False,tranquil_vibe
camping,"





Just got the email notification I know a lot of people have been on the waiting list for it, stay safe everyone!  The new coronavirus strain is like 50% more infectious.

https://medxsuppliers.com/

Even with the vaccine recipe it seems things are going to get significantly worse before it gets better. We just don’t have enough vaccines to give to majority of people.",Medx just restocked their CE certified KN95 masks for $2 each,1,False,TemporaryPassenger9
camping,,Backyard Camping and Grilled Bacon and Cheese,1,False,ZombieHatred
camping,,"We loved our trip around Iceland with the Mink camper. Thinking about buying one, but is a teardrop camper feasible in central Europe (particularly Switzerland)? Any advice?",1,False,thisothernameth
camping,,Imagine Camping with that Gengar Sleeping Bag 🥰,1,False,callos05
camping,"Looking at the jayco flight and the evo T2700.

I like the finishes of the jayco better.

Layouts are very similar.

The evo has an upgraded chassis and is consequently heavier.

The evo has significant more storage.

If the layout is similar and the price is similar, go for the finishes I like? Or go for the storage?

Not planning to live in it, but having a closet and a pantry with a family seems like it might come in handy!",Purchasing a travel trailer! How important is storage?,1,False,Pastywhitebitch
camping,,Went for a camp &amp; woke up in the snow. Fantastic experience! Northern Ireland,1,False,beardedbubble
camping,,"Went for a wild camp, woke up in snow! Northern Ireland.",1,False,beardedbubble
camping,,How I Almost Died While Camping + Roobet Monopoly,1,False,BlueberryWatermellon
camping,"Hello friends!!

I have a question related to tarp poles.

So usually when someone says “tarp poles” they refer to the poles used as external structure of tarps to give various designs, correct? 

I am wanting to know if there is a specific name for poles that can go on the internal structure of tarps to open the top portion creating more of an open environment. 

I ask this because my tent/bug net combo, the Eno Guardian base camp (fantastic btw) has rings on the top that I assume are for these types of poles.

Do any of you have any recommendations or use something like this??

TIA!",Tarp pole question,1,False,kineticwonderbread
camping,,Am I wrong for taking a kid camping in the cold?,1,False,drunkbackpacker
camping,,one of the best camping areas in Europe. In Samothraki Greece,1,False,Twinklesuperpalm
camping,,Maybe th best place in Europe to go camping. Paradise In Samothraki Greeçe,1,False,Twinklesuperpalm
camping,,"Slimmy Tabs Super-Burn Dissolvable Tablets - Natural Ingredients, Keto Friendly, No Calories, Gluten and Sugar Free, Vegan, Boosts Energy &amp; Tastes Delicious! - 54 Tablets (Berry Blast Flavor)",1,False,oliullah6613
camping,,"Take a hot bath in the open air with hot water flowing from the ground at its temperature Exceeding 35 ° C In cold weather, about 10 ° degrees Guaranteed to adjust your mood with special flavor and taste📍Oued El athmania ,Mila ,Algeria",1,False,Electronic-Spring-80
camping,,"Went camping with some friends in Fort Flagler, WA. Beautiful and a lot of fun",1,False,ladue98
camping,,"กางเต้นท์ภูเก็ต ภูชมดาว สวยมากบอกเลย Camping Phuket at Phu Chom Daw, Amazing viewpoint in Phuket",1,False,SnooShortcuts344
camping,I live in the central valley of California. I want to camp again real bad but tired of taking chances and places not being open. Can anyone point me in the right direction? Ill drive anywhere in the state. I don't have a limit really,Willing to travel,1,False,CompetitiveMidnight1
camping,"The first time I went camping after getting back to Utah after military service, I went to a new location in the High Uintas. (Ashley Mnt Range) 

I got anxiety so bad I left all my gear, hiked to my truck, and drove over an hour to get cell service to call my wife. This was about 7 or 8 years ago!

Before my army days, when i was a teen-mid twenties, I would go truck bed camping alone all the time! Never remember feeling afraid, or having anxiety....Time may have a way of making one forget those fears though.'

How about you?",Do you get anxiety camping at a new location? has it ever kept you awake at night? What do you do to counter it? (stories welcome!!!),1,False,HalfInsaneOutDoorGuy
camping,,Today morning run.. started with no sun and then saw it rising,1,False,just_a_tallguy
camping,,No heater this time but I brought my 0°F sleeping bag,1,False,Lumberman08
camping,"Personally I carry around a brass coin on every hike. It’s fun to fidget with and hold in my hand whenever I’m going on longer hikes. I like the feeling knowing that it has travelled with me and gone just as far as I have on my hikes for the last few years. It’s just cool to think that this little coin has travelled to more places than some of my friends and family. Does anybody else carry something similar with them that isn’t part of their gear? Please, share what you carry with you, and tell me what it means to you.",What is something you take with you on every hike? (Not gear related),1,False,carte1
camping,Could a 16 liter pack be viable for a 2-3 day hiking/camping trip?.,Backpack size,1,False,DizzyMAC227
camping,,I like taking the cat camping. Made this portable cat apartment for Luna. I think she likes it. Everything recycled.,1,False,ACertainKindOfStupid
camping,,Pancakes for breakfast?,1,False,itsebony
camping,,⛺️,1,False,ridak888
camping,,Nice fire with even better views,1,False,TheBroadbandMan
camping,,"To drain or not to drain, that is the question! :)",1,False,LockyourHubs4WDSimon
camping,,Buy Verified Cash App Accounts - Bitcoin &amp; VCC Enabled,1,False,usazllowd
camping,,"Me and my girlfriend on our first snowy winter hike outside Stockholm, Sweden.",1,False,hetawalter
camping,"Has anyone encountered showing up to your campsite only to find someone else already setup on it?

Have a few camping trips planned this year and made reservations through [recreation.gov](https://recreation.gov). Not really concerned with summertime trips as there should be plenty of rangers/staff available to reconcile such situations. Have an early spring trip though that is considered off-season and campgrounds are not staffed every day and for limited hours, which has me wondering the likelihood someone takes my spot? I won't be showing up super late or anything, maybe around 5 or 6 PM.  


Who has had this happen? What did you do? What as the outcome?  


Thanks all!",Anyone ever have an issue with someone occupying your reserved campsite?,1,False,stoolchamber
camping,,Home,1,False,Beneficial_Mistake97
camping,,"First field run and things are going great! Need a mallet and a campfire pan, but other than that it was cozy AF.",1,False,auxilary
camping,,Camp setup at Jocassee Gorges overlooking Lake Jocassee November 2020,1,False,ImaTigerX
camping,,"Snow on top of snow at Mount Rogers, Jefferson National Forest, Virginia.",1,False,AdmiralMoonshine
camping,,"Hola! I wrote a recipe book for life on the road - limited resources and ingredients in mind - hoping to raise some money to buy my own vehicle and escape the rent circle. If you would like to support or find out more, please visit greensheeplife.com 🌻 Stay Safe!",1,False,GreenSheepLifestyle
camping,,Just small walk wit my dog..,1,False,KaerCarhen
camping,,"Extreme Winter Camping in a Polish Lavvu and a Cold Ice Bath. Kiruna, Northern Sweden.",1,False,TSMAdventures
camping,I would like to purchase a lightweight/small effective camping stove. Biolite has a small camp stove but its sold out on their website.,Whats the best type of camping stove?,1,False,kissmyAye248
camping,,"Here are some pics of me and my hammock on the Camino de Santiago. After spending the first 2 nights in albergues, I yearned for wildnerness. I spent the following 7 nights floating under the stars. Accompanied by prancing deer and curious boar, I couldn't have imagined a more beautiful experience.",1,False,space43cowboy
camping,"Mother Nature never fails to amaze me. Isn't this view jaw droppingly wonderful to look at. Would you want to camp here if given chance?

&amp;#x200B;

*Processing img y5dr5ykbo1d61...*",Mother Nature,1,False,MariaAStewart
camping,,OnlyFans,1,False,josiequinn1
camping,,Texas winter camping getaway. Needed 4 days without news or social media last weekend.🤘,1,False,LumpLife
camping,,Always like reading outdoors,1,False,WubenLight
camping,,Winter Camping the day after Christmas in North Georgia,1,False,Babystepthree
camping,,as requested.. my van walkthrough. enjoy!,1,False,stealthvandweller
camping,,#berniesandersmeme,1,False,TrailReady_4Runner
camping,,"Snowy Winter Camping in the Forest outside Stockholm, Sweden",1,False,hetawalter
camping,,Camping with the homemade tarp hammock,1,False,BoboWhite22
camping,,Backyard counts?,1,False,THEVILLAGEIDI0T
camping,"Hi there! Planning a trip to Death Valley NP the second or third weekend of March 2021. All NP campgrounds are closed until may but still would like to camp. We are fairly experienced tent campers and have done some camping on BLM and forest land. We will have a 4 runner and a mazda CX-5 (could present some issues if we need high clearance, but it has 4WD). Hoping I could get some BLM recs for tent camping! Was looking at Panamint Valley, so if anyone has experienced camping there that would be great too! Thanks so much!!",Death Valley Camping Recs,1,False,OnTheLuna4456
camping,"
https://sport.woot.com/offers/marmot-limestone-4-person-tent-2?utm_campaign=AmazonOffer+-+20210121+-+Sports+and+Outdoors+-+3199310&amp;utm_source=Amazon&amp;utm_medium=email&amp;ref_=pe_3199310_566157190

Solid deal on a premium car camping tent. The Limelight is tall enough for you to stand in. I have the 6p model.",FYI Woot is closing out the Marmot Limelight 4p for like $200 brand new:,1,False,lakorai
camping,,A luxurious lunch. South of Zion NP,1,False,whatchyaupto
camping,,A luxurious lunch. South of Zion NP,1,False,whatchyaupto
camping,"Me and my partner lost our son George last year in April. The charity I am deciding to do the 120 mile walk for has helped us and a lot of other parents during the hardest time of our lives. During covid they are not getting much funding so they are struggling to help familys that are in desperate need.

Anything would be appreciated even a quid, if you can't donate please could you share as it helps just as much as any money would! Thank you so much here is the link [https://www.goldengiving.com/fundraising/GeorgesMemory](https://www.goldengiving.com/fundraising/GeorgesMemory)",Doing the coast to coast (Devon) For charity in may any support would be much appreciated!,1,False,6plaster6
camping,"When we go camping,, we have at least 2 vehicles, so space and weight aren't ever an issue. My knees aren't great, so I got a double height air mattress. Its just a cheap Intex 1 from Walmart. Its said on the box it has inner baffles (I think thats the word...), but its still really wobbly! Are they all like that or would a better 1 be more stable? Or should I just get a cot?",Air mattress vs cot?,1,False,l_btrfly
camping,,Winter Camping Off To A Warm Start With Our Portable Wood Burning Stove and Waterproof Fire Starters,1,False,QuickSurvive
camping,,Raise them outside.,2,False,Gi_Giv
camping,,Nature Boy,1,False,Gi_Giv
camping,,Sunset over Rodman Reservoir in the Ocala National Forest. Florida has more than beaches y'all!,1,False,BC_2016-17
camping,,[camping in Oregon 🌅],1,False,sassysalinas
camping,"[https://youtu.be/es3Ag57\_GCc?t=115](https://youtu.be/es3Ag57_GCc?t=115)

Can you really camp in a hammock in freezing temps? 

Last summer was such a waste cuz of covid, hope this summer is better...but might try a winter/early spring?","I'm not much for winter camping , but this guy makes it look kinda fun!",1,False,methal
camping,,My Dad camping in a shelter we built...during a snowstorm!,1,False,Adventuretriplet
camping,,My First Camp in my Bushcraft Shelter Snowstorm,1,False,Adventuretriplet
camping,"Hey all! 

I am joining the Nevada Conservation Corps this April and will be going on 8 day camping trips, followed by 6 days of rest, from April to August and I probably have a billion questions. 

Is there a better subreddit for 8 day/ long camping trips or one for the Reno Nevada area?","8 day camping near Reno, Nevada",1,False,reasonsishouldbe
camping,"Any opinions on Kicking Horse Campground in BC?  Campsites to avoid, extra things to bring, etc. 

Planning a trip for this summer.",Kicking Horse Campground,1,False,AcanthocephalaEarly8
camping,"I’m 48 yo, 6 foot one and 250 pounds.

How exactly do you people sleep in hammocks all curved up at your head and feet? 

Seems like an unnatural position to sleep in when my whole life I’ve slept flat.

I’d like to invest in a hammock system for cold weather here in New England but the $25 hammock that I bought at EMS in Nashua NH recently clearly isn’t going to cut it.  

Thx for any help.",Noob question about hammocks,1,False,kensav
camping,,"Hammock camping a few weeks back on New Year’s Eve, the snow was a nice surprise!",1,False,Justvibe-
camping,,Some homemade high-energy foods you can take camping,1,False,imboa
camping,,Do you guys have any pet peeves when cooking in camps?,1,False,Muryum
camping,"Just found out that we will be working remote for a few more months, so I am planning a few trips - where I can drive and setup a base camp type adventure, and do some small hikes from there in afternoon/evening.  I am looking for a good reliable Hotspot that is better than my phone hotspot, to where I can still work from ""home"" (camp spot).

Does anyone have any experience with something like this?",Any idea/tips for selecting a good WiFi Hotspot for remote camping? ie. not a local campground,1,False,AskMadden
camping,,Algonquin Provincial Park August 2020,1,False,larson_5
camping,"Hi fellow campers, since the start of covid my best friend and I have really gotten into backpacking through Ontario’s national parks. We’re currently planning our next trip which will be from March 6th - 10th in the western uplands at Algonquin provincial park. Both of us have very little experience with winter camping. I was just hoping to get some advice from you guys on what weather conditions might be like, what type of clothes would be best to pack, and any other tips or advice for camping around that time of year. Thanks in advance for all of the tips you guys share, I can’t wait to read them!",Camping at Algonquin Provincial Park in early March,1,False,larson_5
camping,,I miss (slightly) warmer days,1,False,TangoGolf19
camping,"This is one of our favorite camping spots in Anchorage, AK.  Yes, this is in the ""city"" of Anchorage, at 21miles/33k south of our downtown.  This is our ""let's go camping with whatever you have in your truck"" spot.  Cheers from Alaska, USA!","My first post: I'm Alaskan, so be kind :)",1,False,CaesarGhengis
camping,,"Swipe for more pics... January '21, 4x4 primitive camping near Anza Borrego State Park, CA. The lil guy's name is Matty. He had a blast off-roading and visiting this spot called the ""Pumpkin Patch"" 🎃",1,False,bmass-619
camping,,"Swipe for more pics... 4x4 primitive camping near Anza Borrego State Park, CA. The lil guy's name is Matty. He had a blast at this spot called the ""Pumpkin Patch"" 🎃",1,False,bmass-619
camping,,"Swipe for more pics... January '21, 4x4 primitive camping near Anza Borrego State Park, CA. The lil guy's name is Matty - took him to the ""Pumpkin Patch"" 🎃",1,False,bmass-619
camping,If I have a good quality sleeping bag do I still need an under quilt?,Hammock camping,1,False,DizzyMAC227
camping,,"Camping with my 5 month old in Idyllwild, CA in July. This was his second camping adventure &amp; he loved it!",1,False,ETphnhome
camping,This is a sleeping bag I've had for about 6 years. Last time I used it was about maybe 1 or 2 years ago. Since then it's been packed away. I just took it out and the stuffing feels packed. What's the best way to refluff it? (Ik refluff isn't a real word).,Best way to refluff a sleeping bag,1,False,TheSolution123
camping,,Beautiful sunrise last weekend camping 🌵,1,False,Gashunter710
camping,,Winter Camping- First Attempt at Video Making,1,False,aguyandhissack
camping,,My brother and I got out last weekend for some winter camping. -10°C,1,False,Zachery4
camping,"So I'm looking to get a new tarp and I'm moving away from sil nylon, looking to get a silpoly tarp. I was thinking of HG but realized the head weight is only 1500mm rather then 2000mm. Is that much of a difference? If so, What tarps with (doors) would you recommend in the higher rating head weight area? Reason I'm switching is because I noticed in heavier rainfall it does soak up a lot of water and I'm trying to move away from that with silpoly. As well as the whole packing away while soaking wet thing too. It's not horrible but Im trying to make it less of a hassle. I'm looking for a tarp with line loc pull outs too. I can probably have them custom out them in so I'm not too worried about that. Please if you have any suggestions. Feel free to throw in your imput.",So I'm looking to get a new tarp,1,False,Outdoorsman1017
camping,,Truck Bed Camping in Glacier Peak Washington,1,False,ToyotaMachine
camping,,Anyone know if there any good campgrounds around Southern California that are currently open?,1,False,robotthing123
camping,The pandemic has closed the national/state parks. Where can I still camp within driving distance of the Bay Area?,Where can I camp in the Bay Area?,1,False,Poops_Standing_Up
camping,,My set up!,1,False,ehenrie
camping,,Can you eat rabbits with myxomatosis? Here are the deets:,1,False,Kerr-rawden
camping,"Comicon is a thing......

Is campcon a thing?",Campcon?,1,False,L2SARCASM
camping,[https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCfbLUHs45SUVQTcVN0oAAgA/featured](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCfbLUHs45SUVQTcVN0oAAgA/featured),Friend of mine moved to the woods. Check out his youtube channel,1,False,Aggravating_Mark9587
camping,,Hammock in the snow.,4,False,Fuzz557
camping,,Left picture is New Year’s Day 2017. Then the same spot in the spring.,5,False,Cute-Ad-1392
camping,,Winter camping on the Colville NF,1,False,firesguy
camping,,Do guys like my new budget stove?,1,False,MJHL
camping,Suggestions?,"High-quality, easy, compact, quick set up tents for the winter?",1,False,vendaaiccultist
camping,"Trying to get back into the wild and take one of my daughters with me. Can anyone recommend a minimum packing list or good site/book to find one for 2-person back country backpacking? I’m rebuilding my kit from the ground up. So far, I have an REI tent that was discounted for being returned.",Taking 10 yr-old backpacking first time,3,False,Above-Average-Foot
camping,"Hey all. I’ve been eyeing the Life Tent and Life Bivy from GoTimeGear. Are these reliable products? Links provided below.

https://www.gotimegear.com/products/life-tent-survival-shelter

https://www.gotimegear.com/products/life-bivy-emergency-sleeping-bag",Thoughts on Life Tent and Life Bivy?,1,False,vendaaiccultist
camping,,Camping off the Woody Gap portion of the AT with one of my camping buddies,1,False,Lavenderfaux
camping,"Looking to see if there are common problems that people are having when they are camping, and if we can come together to offer solutions that we have tried to any of these problems!",What is the biggest problem that you face when camping?,1,False,Dapper-Ratio-7378
camping,,Testing some wet/cold weather gear I plan to use next year when I thru-hike the Appellation Trail.,1,False,overindulgent
camping,"This is basically about bitcoin mining investments,making up to 2000$  daily from mining .dm if interested",Anyone interested in making extra money?,1,False,katehitherman
camping,,Motorcycle Camping in Nova Scotia,1,False,Jtime92
camping,,"This tent has now survived 4 seasons, from 97 to 7 degrees, 0 to 20mph winds, torrential rains, an 8in snow dump. Best tent to date!",1,False,tiuvarta
camping,,"How do you find wood that lights, esp in winter?",1,False,samlerman
camping,"Looking for some good camping spots in GA. Anywhere is fine, but I have been to the Little Grand Canyon so far!",GA primitive camping spots?,1,False,thankuidesignedit
camping,"Hi all. Just got a small tab trailer and want to try it out. We are looking to spend a week in the mountains in GA, NC or SC in August or September. we live in south Florida so trying to keep it under a 12 hour drive but will go farther if it’s worth it. We have 3 dogs that will come along and want a spot with electric. Ideally a river or lake in the campground. Any suggestions on where to go?",Trailer camping in Appalachia,1,False,shittzumaster
camping,,World's coolest winter? at Dubai UAE,1,False,hesamzy
camping,,"Camping on top of a mountain. (Naag Tibba, India)",1,False,citizenFortyTwo
camping,,What a view,1,False,Psjohal10
camping,,"Camping place at night roughly minus 15 ℃, the lake has frozen, bring to the milk and coke woke up in the morning also froze🥶",1,False,mier-bill
camping,"I’m hoping to visit the Bonneville Salt Flats in Utah in spring, and I know they don’t allow camping on the flats. Does anyone have any recommendations for a campsite in the area? Thanks in advance!",Camping recommendations by the Bonneville Salt Flats,1,False,plaid-is-good
camping,,Tacoma ＴＲＵＣＫ camping | Washington: Coulee City [PHOTOs],1,False,ToyotaMachine
camping,,Camping/Hiking Bowmans wash,1,False,sacman5429
camping,[deleted],Tacoma ＴＲＵＣＫ camping | Washington: Coulee City [PHOTOs],1,False,[deleted]
camping,,Camp finally set up (5*20ft domes),3,False,Jerrychenist
camping,,It's been a long time since I went on a picnic with my friends. A rare photo,1,False,mier-bill
camping,"I recently bought a camping sauna which comes with a tent and stove. I'm looking for some places to camp which are close by a water source to take a plunge. Does anyone have some recommendations? Ideally, a place within 5 hours of the Bay Area, but I'm open to hearing about places further away as well.",Looking for waterfront camping recommendations in California for a portable sauna,1,False,donttalktome
camping,,This is for my next trip,2,False,habibullah2019
camping,,Just For Camping lovers,1,False,habibullah2019
camping,,Grand Canyon Coffee Sunrise,9,False,JuliaRoseStudios
camping,[deleted],Cold Texas nights...,1,False,[deleted]
camping,,Camping in the Sierras (June 2019),6,False,rcohngru
camping,"So I’m going to be on a 21 day itinerary of Maui, I will be walking around the entire island while camping along the way at legal beaches and parks, occasionally staying at airbnbs and couch surfing (yes people in Hawaii love the website couchsurf). I have practically everything I need for my trip that’s allowed on a plane before I hop on the plane. Anything else will be purchased there. However I’m looking at the tungsten 1p and the tungsten 2 p tent. The 1p is small, 4lbs, yet still can fit a grown man comfortably. However I’ve noticed the 2p tent is only slightly more expensive and only weighs 1 pound more with a lot more room and vestibules for storage. My question is, would that one pound/little bit of space in my bag, be worth the 2p tent or should I just bite the bullet and go the minimalist route with the 1p? Please this is the hardest decision I’ve had to make on my gear lol. Ps if you have any other suggestions for tents they’re welcome, the tungsten is just my favorite by far from what I’ve seen at the price range/packability and ease of set up. The tent MUST FIT INTO MY BACKPACKING BAG W OTHER GEAR AND ONE PAIR OF CLOTHES.","Deciding what tent to backpack with, please help.",1,False,TakeY0Cheekz
camping,,Evening in the Adirondacks,5,False,Money-Photograph-936
camping,"Anyone have any recent reports for how the road to Usal Beach campground is currently? I know a lot of people warn the road can get really bad after rains but we haven’t had THAT much rain so far this year. Hoping to make it out there before the forecasted 2 weeks of storms in California. We have a lifted 4x4 Cherokee so I’m usually not too concerned, but we have never been to this spot and really want to check it out.","Usal Beach Campground, California",1,False,Lucyinthesky72
camping,,"West Turkey Creek Campground, Arizona",2,False,generic_joe_guy
camping,,Any tips on how to deal with campfire smoke? Especially on rainy days!!,1,False,BooRocknRoll
camping,Hey so I have a quick question. My girlfriend just got into camping and loves it (thank god!) And is a huge coffee addict. So I was gonna get her the Jetboil java kit for her birthday in July and was wondering if anyone knows if it might come on sale within the next couple of months?,Jetboil Java!,1,False,Sati765
camping," 

Good day friends! Thanks in advance for those who take the time to read. :)  

I  have recently decided to bring my dream of camping in my car to life to travel around and have stumbled into the realm of roof top tents. The one I have my  eye on is the  [Tepui Kekenam 3](https://tepui.com/products/thule-tepui-explorer-kukenam-3). It looks like a good choice with the cons being mostly quality of life stuff. My issue is justifying the  price when I could just work on building out a frame for the inside to  sleep on with some storage underneath. However, sleeping inside the car brings about worries of not having enough storage in some situations which makes me lean more towards the roof top.

My question is: What is your experience with your roof top tent?

What is the biggest issue you have had with the tent?

Any recommendations or other options around the same price or lower?

If you could do it again, would you go with a difference setup?

Does roof top tent camping restrict you in any way from staying at campsites?",Roof top tent for my Subaru Outback,1,False,austeen-
camping,,Wild Camping in English Countryside,1,False,ShootandChop
camping,,"10 free power stations being given away, link in comments",1,False,semiprotacoeater
camping,,10 Best Camping Places in Uttarakhand,1,False,codencolors
camping,"One man tent, chair, and table. Supper was a sub sandwich in the cooler. No fire needed. Allegheny National Forest, PA.

https://preview.redd.it/2uyr08wtzhc61.jpg?width=4128&amp;format=pjpg&amp;auto=webp&amp;s=3540a198cf86ca59772e4aa509299a7ee54d6dd2",My version of a quick and easy camp.,1,False,swampboy62
camping,,My friends and I are planning a trip to North Carolina to go camping here in about a month or two. Any recommendations on back country camping in NC for about a week? Thanks guys,1,False,kylorenfanaccount
camping,,"Blue Mountain of the Adirondacks, New York, United States",1,False,BrightscapesArt
camping,,How do I best maintain this grill grate (stainless steel)? I only gave it a brush today (steel brush afaik) after a very long time.,1,False,HumbrolUser
camping,,"At Peak One, Colorado, for the state’s first snow of the ... Summer. When we arrived the temps were at 97. One day later it was 7 with 8in of snow. The grounds went from 180 people to 6. Perfect timing :)",1,False,tiuvarta
camping,,"Tell me your story of getting ill from your drinking water. Location, water source, side effects, recovery process.",1,False,AvidCamper1515
camping,"So to sum it up quickly I grew up in Los Angeles to two parents who grew up in Los Angeles. Neither of them ever camped as kids and the very few times I went as a child it was in a log cabin less than 5 minutes off a main highway.

Hardly what I would call true camping.

So I told myself I wanted to get out there and really do it. I bought myself a nice size tent, sleeping pad, stove, flashlight, firestarter, sleeping bag...

And it's all been in my closet for about 8 months now.

The thought of just driving out and finding some random place to camp is so foreign in my mind that it just doesn't make sense to me. I would really appreciate some guidance on getting out htere and actually teaching myself how to camp.

Thanks for any and all advice guys!",I've never camped. Nobody in my family has ever camped. I really want to learn. Where do I begin guys?? I've somewhat of a start but need help actually getting out there.,1,False,ThatTrippyHippie
camping,,"Winter camping near Shenandoah National Park, Virginia. USA",1,False,Scubachic0121
camping,,"Qinter camping on the Shenandoah River, Virginia",1,False,Scubachic0121
camping," I'm currently doing A Level product design in the UK and for my project I have to design and create a product. The specification is extremely broad and allows for a lot of freedom, but a large part of it must be consumer driven, so I was wondering if anyone has any product ideas that would help them with camping (excluding fabric products e.g. coats, bags etc.). Thank you",Got any product ideas?,1,False,pow__
camping,,"Camping in Älvdalen, Sweden. Awesome company, tasty food and amazing views. It doesn't get any better then this 👍🌲🗻",1,False,TSMAdventures
camping,,[Skyline camping in Oregon] [sunset],1,False,sassysalinas
camping,What should I bring to a camping trip,"Hey guys, I'm planning on camping this summer and this is my 1st time camping",1,False,FuryBun3r638
camping,,Sequim Bay State Park - 1/17/2021,1,False,zukunft3050
camping,Great 3 day escape from everything and everyone.,Sequim Bay State Park 1/17/2021,1,False,zukunft3050
camping,[removed],Free Stuff tools for Camping and Hiking.,1,False,Former-Bookeper
camping,,Yukon mountain camp...just outside Carcross.,1,False,northof867
camping,"Love to car camp. I’d love a table to cook and eat that goes in the car. It’s either one of those roll tables (they have a lot of brands but they all have a modular design, with a separate surface that folds like planks. The whole thing packs into a smaller package, but the surface area is less.)

Or, a simple plastic folding table, around 4 ft. It’s sturdy and larger but the weight has me thinking. What would you choose for a few nights of cooking stews for one or two people?",Car camping and table advice?,1,False,Bigmtnskier91
camping,,One of the beat tentsite views I've ever had (Central California),1,False,sentient_bees
camping,[removed],Free Survival tools for Camping and Hiking.,1,False,Mefoolsyou
camping,I’m planning a weekend road trip from Illinois to Maryland and back during the first weekend in March and was thinking of trying to overnight camp halfway. Can anyone recommend a place somewhere between Cleveland and Columbus?,Camping in Ohio,1,False,JeepSmash
camping,"I'm planning on car camping in the near future, which I've only done in the past when it snowed so I'm not sure how warm it will be inside if it's not snowing. I don't currently have a sleeping bag, so I'm considering setting up a merino wool liner and sleeping in midweight merino wool base layers inside my car. Is that a reasonable setup or will it be too cold if it drops to ~30F at night?

I've seen people say only using a liner isn't really enough unless it's 75F+ but I think that's assuming sleeping outside. I usually sweat with sleeping bags so I don't want to buy something that will be excessive for car camping in that setup, unless I'm overestimating the insulation from a car. Should I go with this liner/layer combo or should I just get a light sleeping bag?",Car/Liner/Base Layer for Sleeping,1,False,diogenes-47
camping,,My Simple Setup for Quick Overnight.,3,False,bwhite757
camping,"I have done no trace camping since I was a child. If there are people who are new to it, what are the challenges and hacks you find useful to make it more comfortable and to make it easier to erase all evidence of your passing?",No trace camping,2,False,TCSaladino
camping,[deleted],"Zapata Falls, CO. Gave me a Fortress of Solitude vibe",2,False,[deleted]
camping,,Does this method work?,9,False,journeyman369
camping,"I always cheap out on pants for camping, hiking and scrambling and I never learn my lesson. This time I want to buy an all season pant that I wont rip or donate after a year. I live in the mountains of Canada, warm summers, snowy winters and everything in between. I need something that's breathable for the summer but durable enough for the snow. Fjallraven and Outdoor Research seem to have what I'm looking for but at $250 + I'm wondering if anyone has found anything cheaper that does the same job. TIA",Looking for solid all season outdoor pants for men,2,False,AnnapurnaFive
camping,,Silent Solo Hiking- Mountain to Sea,1,False,Hikinhippe
camping,"Hello all!

Does anybody have a crossover SUV/SUV/truck that they swear by for car camping? I'm finally ready to buy a new car, but I want one that will really live up to being a travel car for me and my co-pilot, a 95lb German Shepherd!  As such, the more space, the better! 

Bonus points if it's a hybrid! If I'm enjoying the wild, I want to do my part to help save the wilderness. =D

(PS, will delete if on the wrong subreddit. Just hoping for some advice from the experts).

(PPS, no Fords. I have the escape now, and it's engine completely gave out at 58,000 miles. I want a car that will last.)",Best car for car camping...with a doggo?,2,False,ahypnaro
camping,"So I’ve been wanting to do an overnight camping trip for some astrophotography and stay in the car. Was wondering if anyone has recommendations for maintaining airflow in the car without the car being on? I tried cracking the windows a bit, but last time when I went out to the dessert I got lots of sand blowing into the car and another time I had bugs flying in. Maybe some kind of netting made for that? To be held between the car frame and window?

Also, what are typically the laws regarding sleeping in your car? The places I’ve been before were in the middle of nowhere with no roads, so I didn’t really have to worry about it. This time it’ll be different since there is actual roads and stuff in the surrounding area, which means cops could drive by.",Wanting to go camping but have a couple questions.,1,False,__Sonar__
camping,,Goooooooood morning!,1,False,MechaSheep
camping,,"The sky looked cool [Flagstaff, AZ]",6,False,drunkbackpacker
camping,,"It was cold so we slept inside [Flagstaff, AZ]",4,False,drunkbackpacker
camping,,Cold view,6,False,Eventyret
camping,"I went camping this past weekend for the first time after buying some gear from REI. Did it alone and had a good time reading and playing on my Gameboy. The campsite I stayed at was right on the Potomac river separating Maryland and Virginia which was pretty cool. It was the type you park a little ways away and have to carry your stuff to the site.  
  
Was just curious from others with more experience about tricks for dealing with the cold. I got a pretty good sleeping bag that's rated for 18 degrees and a sleeping pad, but could still feel the cold ground underneath (Lows were in the mid 20s) Had on a bunch of layers with wool bottoms and top. I was up for about an hour around 4am feeling pretty chilly even with the bag drawstring closed around my head. I also had an issue where the breath from my nose was condensing on the outside of the sleeping bag and dripping back down onto my neck! Do folks double up and use two sleeping pads in the winter? How does one deal with condensation in the tent? I had the rainfly all the way closed most of the night to try to keep some warmth in and wind out but after noticing the condensation issue I unzipped it a little.  Also getting a sleeping bag back into it's little carrying sack is the most frustrating thing imaginable.
  
Here's a picture of my site and reading by the river! I had a good time and hope to take what I've learned to have an even better time the next trip.  Eventually I'd like to start doing some hiking/camping trips but have to figure out what to do about carrying multiple day's worth of food first. I probably also need one of those camp stove deals but then that's even more stuff to carry. Thanks for reading.
  
[Site](https://imgur.com/XUdEOAC)  
[Good book!](https://imgur.com/iF5JDDE)  
[The river](https://imgur.com/GPNrPer)",First time camping - Winter and solo,1,False,case_of_ennui
camping,,Camping in Mojave.,2,False,bobo4sam
camping,"This may be a silly question but I've searched and haven't found a solid answer. I'm in northern Ontario and am planning on going winter camping. Usually in the summer keeping food in your tent is a huge no-no because of bears, but since they are sleeping now, is it ok to store it in my tent? Or somewhere outside burried in snow or something? Or should I just hang my food like normal? I'm thinking of other wildlife that I don't really want to encounter in the middle of the night (i.e. Wolves, coyotes.) Thanks in advance!!!!",What to do with food while winter camping?,1,False,meowing_cat93
camping,"[Buy Verified CashApp](https://usayelp.com/product/buy-verified-cash-app-accounts/)Accounts, We providing high quality Cash app accounts at the chepest prices with 100% verified guarantee.",Buy Verified Cash App Accounts,1,False,usayemvvkm
camping,,Solitude among the Joshua trees in Juniper Flats,1,False,2DamnRoundToBeARock
camping,,"Another weekend in the ""hot"" tipi!",1,False,B3prepared
camping,[deleted],Another weekend in the hot tent tipi!,1,False,[deleted]
camping,,"From a 7 week camping trip this summer. Sequoia National Forest, California. Headed out for a shorter trip tomorrow!",1,False,AdmiralMoonshine
camping,,Camping in the Kruger National Park (South Africa) with the wildlife coming up right next to the fence at night.,1,False,AfricaThroughmyLens
camping,,Winter Camping Pizza Taste Test - Ottawa Lake Campground Kettle Moraine State Forest,1,False,pmonko1
camping,,"6 years ago I took this picture while hiking with a good friend. Unbeknownst to us this was the first of what would become an annual tradition, to go out and explore different wild locations in the country. It was also the last time we step foot in the park. It’s about time to change that...",1,False,tiuvarta
camping,,Rate my camping temps were 27 degrees at night. Jennings State Forest.,1,False,homecraze
camping,"I lve in kalamata greece and i want to try out camping ,does anyone know any good places?",Places to go camping in greece?,1,False,Kurt-knipsel
camping,,Just wow,1,False,MartyKitty
camping,,[camping in Oregon],1,False,sassysalinas
camping,,Yukon living room,1,False,northof867
camping,,"Lone wolf howling in Transilvania, very close to my camp, sound on.",1,False,culdax
camping,,First time build the dome tent on mountain camp,1,False,Jerrychenist
camping,,Four days camp a week ago at Karangahake Gorge New Zealand with my mountain bike. Track was 3ft wide most of the time with a 64ft drop to the side so no time to stop for glory shots.,1,False,Curious_Machete
camping,"hey i live in illinois and was wondering if anyone knew a good place to go camping. preferably i’d like someplace very forested with a camp site available near a body of water, i only want to drive 5-6 hours max to get somewhere unless there’s a really good place elsewhere.",Looking for a place to go camping,1,False,marcoconut_
camping,,This morning at Tahoe National Forest in my Tahoe,1,False,HorizonOverland
camping,,I figured you guys would appreciate this one ❤️,1,False,WakandaLive
camping,,Tested my DIY Roof top tent this weekend in La Pine state park. Held up good with minimal condensation even at -2*C. Have to sew the windows for better ventilation though!,1,False,eemaker
camping,I stay down in  north county San Diego/ south oc and i need to get out but blm and state parks are closed. Anyone willing to share a location? My insta handle is the same as my reddit if you want to dm me the coordinates? The last thing i want is to blow out the spot. Just want to get away from any sense of civilization. thanks!,Cali camping,1,False,Swellbowe
camping,,Steel Creek Campground on the Buffalo National River in Arkansas,1,False,kendallpear
camping,,A little late but here’s some pics from our New Years camping weekend,1,False,Sandersadventures
camping,"We have a rather grand tent that we use a double high air mat ress in with an attached vestibule. It's really great, we've been happy with it, but due to some wind damage and what is shaping up to be a permanently bum leg, we're exploring other options. 

We chose such a big tent because my husband is 6'3"" and it's nice he doesn't have to bend over. But really, we only use the tent for sleeping/storing things we dont want condensation to gather on in the early morning. 

Here's our thought process:

Currently we pack up my 98 Camry to the brim. It works, it's just my husband and me. But our trips are usually: find a camp spot, pitch the tent, unload the suitcase/cooler/toiletry bag/camp stove/air mattress/bedding so we don't have a full car while we explore the area/find local firewood and have room to transport it. 

So, we started thinking of a little trailer to put that stuff in that we can just drop off in the morning, do our fun stuff, and then come back to set up. 

Which led to thinkin: my car's not gonna last forever no matter how good a mechanic my husband is. And he's a professional! Coupled with I had an ACL reconstruction a year ago that resulted in nerve damage to my shin; I can't kneel or even have pressure on 75% of my lower leg. So rolling the tent is stupidly funny with me trying to apply pressure with my boobs and elbows. We began to think - we don't use the tent for anything but sleeping. Why couldn't we use a little trailer  that has secured storage as well as a bed? Something that we can leave packed during the week, and just grab the cooler and head out Saturday morning? 

It also appeals to our desire to try a little winter camping. 

We looked at teardrop trailers but they have way more than we need. We don't need a kitchen area, AC, battery bank, shower, or toilet.  

My Camry has a hitch, but my next vehicle will be bigger. Maybe an SUV but I'm leaning towards a small pickup. So I'd have increased towing capacity. 

Is there a subreddit, or even a good thread, that would be in line with what I've described here? 

Happy camping!",Looking for holes in my plan as well as examples for a trailer,1,False,jsat3474
camping,,"First ever solo camping trip! Had a lotta fun in Hurricane, UT",1,False,rmram67
camping,[deleted],"farm shed camping, southern virginia",1,False,[deleted]
camping,,"farm shed camping, southern virginia",1,False,lord_donkulus
camping,,"farm shed camping, southern virginia",1,False,lord_donkulus
camping,,"So grateful to have found this hidden gem over the weekend. Sierra National Forest, Ca.",1,False,algonz5
camping,,"So grateful to have found this hidden gem over the weekend. Sierra National Forest, Ca.",1,False,algonz5
camping,,"We made rice, beans, and chicken burritos",1,False,drunkbackpacker
camping,,He’s a good boy,1,False,drunkbackpacker
camping,"Hi, me and a group of friends are planning to walk the west highland way (92 miles) for the charity 'Trees for Life'. Please donate (all proceeds go directly to the charity) it will really help us to make a difference to the Scottish wilderness. We are planning on doing the trek in April and may even attempt Ben Nevis, if time allows for it. All donations are strictly for helping regenerate the Scottish forests (now only 2% of its original stature) and protect native animals. Thank you very much for your kindness, every donation no matter how small helps loads:))

I chose the charity ""Trees for Life"" as I have always been very concerned about the global impact of climate change and I wanted to help make a difference to this issue in the best way I could. Scottish forests now only span 2% of there original stature and 'Trees for Life' plans on helping to regenerate the Scottish forests and to help conserve and reintroduce native Scottish wildlife. So I decided to get a group of close friends together to trek with me trek across the Scottish highlands, for the conservation of wilderness in the Scottish highlands. Please help me make my dream of global (Scottish in this instance) wildlife conservation a reality!

[West highland way for 'Trees for Life'](https://gofund.me/e1923e9e)",Treking the West Highland Way for the conservation of Scottish Wilderness. All proceeds will go directly to 'Trees for Life' (a registered charity),1,False,mslater8
camping,,"Winter camping cooler, Jester Park, Iowa",1,False,26run2
camping,,"Winter Camping, Jester Park, Iowa (Trip report in comments)",1,False,26run2
camping,,Camp chairs: Parts sourcing question,1,False,shooter_tx
camping,,Would having Gucci x Northface increase your Pokémon Go catches? This collab is such a joke to me,1,False,OnlyHereForLOLs
camping,,What's your next adventure?,1,False,mobilising
camping,,Awesome commercial,1,False,KrakatoaGear
camping,,He found a bone,1,False,drunkbackpacker
camping,,He found a bone,1,False,drunkbackpacker
camping,,A good spot to pee and let the dogs stretch their legs,1,False,drunkbackpacker
camping,,Sockwa X10 | Feel the Ground,1,False,belkacemi7
camping,,A great way to wake up,2,False,drunkbackpacker
camping,,Just got back from a quick weekender at Padre National Seashore - 60 miles of beach!,1,False,Umgar
camping,,"First time cooking venison on an open fire, any tips or tricks? Full video in comments.",1,False,forest70
camping,,Back in September when the temps went from 97 to 7 in 36 hours...,1,False,tiuvarta
camping,"Hello fellow campers. I'm a freelance writer currently writing for a camping blog. I'm not here to advertise. I'm actually here to ask a question to help fill in some information I'm lacking for an article. Please let me know if this isn't okay.

I'll get right to it. I'm writing about ways to make winter camping fun, whether you're camping in or out of the snow. I don't do much winter camping myself, so I was hoping some of you could tell me about what you do to have fun while winter camping? This applies to car camping and backpacking-type situations.

TLDR - What kinds of activities do you use to have fun while camping in the winter?",Ways To Make Winter Camping Fun?,1,False,SeaVarg
camping,,"A 5 day Winter camping in Älvdalen, Sweden. Awesome company, great food and amazing views. It doesn't get any better then this. 🗻🌲",1,False,TSMAdventures
camping,,"Camping in Sweden with awesome company, tasty food and amazing views. It doesn't get any better then this. 🌲🗻 The location is just north of Älvdalen.",1,False,TSMAdventures
camping,,Waking up at Williams Creek Reservoir.,1,False,silence-of-the-clams
camping,,Waking up at Williams Creek Reservoir,1,False,silence-of-the-clams
camping,,Waking up at Williams Creek Reservoir,1,False,silence-of-the-clams
camping,,"Found an awesome campsite near an old broken dam. Sierra National Forest, Ca.",1,False,algonz5
camping,,"Set up a nice basecamp outside of Helen, Gerogia for a great two day trip",1,False,Babystepthree
camping,"So it is winter and with the snow around the more or less easily seen trails in the woods are covered with snow. Wanting to go camping out in the woods I thought I'd check on things to get an idea just how much snow there is. It would be no fun going anywhere with 50 cm snow, or worse.

Turns out there is in my area about 20-40 deep snow.

One task today was to trod a path through the snow to find my way later, and this works nicely as long as there doesn't come much more snow on top of the old.

Another task is actually finding a way through the forest without spending any excess time finding my way.

I managed to find my way, and it was a good thing I had a compass with me, as I knew I shouldn't try move too much to neither west or east. Not only did I manage to hit precisely this one stone on the path that I am used to seeing, I also hit right on the spot where the non marked trail ends on a crossing marked trail, so that was great fun.

Anyway, I spent some 4 hours making my way to my location, where I normally use some 80 minutes.

I spent some 6 hours walking around today and I am exhausted. :)

Because it is winter I had to bring a headlight, just in case it got dark when I was still out in the woods.

Despite me sloshing around in powder snow for hours, my pants nor my boots seems to get wet, probably because I had an insulating layer inside my pants and also venting my pants on the side to have the excess heat escape.",I am glad I checked out my camping spot ahead of time.,1,False,HumbrolUser
camping,,Mobil ski chalet and stealth camper build,1,False,thehow2dad
camping,"Here's the link to the story - or you can just read it below! [https://www.happybucketlife.com/jakes-two-key-rules-for-happiness/](https://www.happybucketlife.com/jakes-two-key-rules-for-happiness/)

&amp;#x200B;

**Getting creative**

My family was never one of those families that went on exotic vacations a few times a year. While we couldn’t afford a spring break in Florida, my parents still found creative ways to take my sister and I traveling when we were little.

As a result, we explored our natural neighborhood in the beautiful state of Wisconsin by way of a few campgrounds every summer.

Years later, I am so grateful for these summer adventures and the lessons my parents taught me along the way. The importance of community and the importance of nature.

&amp;#x200B;

**2020 taught us so many lessons**  
This past year has been hard for everyone and we’ve all spent more time outside in an effort to keep our family and friends healthy. In so many ways, COVID-19 has been and continues to be, an absolute tragedy. There is no way around that. Loved ones dead. Businesses closed. Jobs lost. The list goes on.

Despite these truths, however, I do think we can learn so much from our experiences this year about how to be happy.

&amp;#x200B;

**Visiting every State Park in Indiana brought me more than just the views**  
Due to COVID, I've been able to visit nearly every State Park in Indiana this year. With travel options nearly erased, my friends I discovered camping as the best way to get out during quarantine. These adventures crisscrossing the state in search of a great hike or campsite provided something to look forward to nearly every week. I’ve made amazing memories and gotten to know my adopted home state in more ways than I ever could have imagined.

Each time I visit a new campground, park, or trail, I can feel myself connecting more deeply with my surroundings. With each step on a challenging hike, I feel more alive and the worries of the workplace fade into insignificance. The brain rests while the soul comes alive with the sound of birds, rushing water, and rustling leaves.  


**What I need to be happy.**  
These moments of clarity exploring the outdoors helped me find myself and what I believe matters. What I need to be happy.  


**It comes down to two rules:**  


Love the people you are with and love yourself.  


If you find the right crew, keep them around.

If you find something you love, keep doing it.  


Everything else will fall into place. For me, by connecting with the outdoors and sharing my love for nature with like-minded individuals, I found what I needed to feel joy in a horrifying year. For you it could be anything.",My friend's awesome story about how camping brought his family together and helped him define happiness for himself in 2020.,1,False,happy-bucket-life
camping,,Back in September when the temps went from 97 to 7 in 36 hours...,1,False,tiuvarta
camping,"I’ve tried the originals, don’t care for them. They don’t have a “sphincter” &amp; the caps often got knocked open, pouring product all over me &amp; my stuff. Cost exceeds the value.

Any alternatives?",matador flatpak dupe,1,False,tsemberaddams
camping,,My fiancé got me this,2,False,Turnip-Still
camping,[removed],Buying American is Difficult to do While Shopping Online,1,False,Scatstorm
camping,,First time camping on BLM Land...,1,False,jpgyeahyouknowme
camping,,"Join us (in solitary) on the 5th of February at Sunset. A 24 hour break from our screens. Doesn't that sound nice? With Love, from OfflineDay",1,False,Facepalmed
camping,"Hello all! I’ve recently seen some awesome photos of the Adirondacks posted here and I know that the park holds some incredible nostalgia and intrigue for a lot of people interested in both hiking and camping alike!

I’m a college student in Upstate New York and I currently assist the Lake Placid New York Development Committee to help plan projects in tandem with Clarkson University that seek to improve both the community feel, public economy, and tourist attraction of the town and the surrounding park. I’d love to hear from all of you about your trips to the park in the past, what you did, what you loved about it, what you hated. It doesn’t have to be just about Lake Placid, but those stories are welcome too! I’ve lived near the park my whole life and have worked pretty closely with some of its local officials. Hearing stories from people who love the land and experiencing the natural beauty of the Adirondacks has always been an incredible way to learn about what matters to people the most. Stories. Photos. They’re so much better than just trying to ask someone what’s good or bad!

TL:DR I work with the Lake Placid Development Committee in the Adirondacks and would love to hear your stories from the park, both good and bad!",Adirondack Appreciation Post!,1,False,Hinterland99
camping,"I was booking camping reservations last night for this summer and found out the US National Park system is extending free entrance fee into National Parks for 5th graders and their families. This is usually only for 4th graders. The park service extended it to 5th graders because many parks were closed last year because of Covid. Fifth graders do need to complete a brief (easy) test and print out the entry pass but then they and whomever else is in their car get into National Parks for free. Details in link. Rocky Mountain NP, Grand Canyon, Yellowstone and all others are included. Daily fees are usually $25-$35 per car per day. This pass makes it free until mid August. 

Get on it!

https://www.nps.gov/kids/fifthgrade.htm",Free National Park entrance fee for families with 4th and 5th graders (USA),1,False,coloradojt
camping,"I drive a 2005 Ford Explorer and I’m looking to start traveling for cheap with my partner soon. We’re both broke and in our early 20’s, so packing a bag for the weekend and paying ~100$ for a car mattress seems a lot more doable than spending loads on hotels every time we go out. Our combined weight is approximately 500lbs- he’s muscular, and I’m just super tall and chunky lmao. I feel this would be a great way to start camping too, this would be a good place to kick on the AC and rest after hiking.

I need this thing to be super duper durable, I don’t want to pop it on our first excursion. Every air mattress I’ve ever had experience with pops quite easily- but that may just be because my parents have *always* chosen cheap over quality. 

Ideally, a mattress topper to go with wouldn’t hurt either. We both have scoliosis so the more support the better.

Any recommendations would be appreciated and I thank you in advance 🙏🏻","What’s a good, durable, inflatable mattress for SUV’s that can carry ~600lbs?",1,False,rybabyyy
camping,,Did some hot tent camping over the weekend near the Catoctin Mountains. Did not disappoint!,1,False,FeelFlows0622
camping,Can someone recommend a durable wagon for primitive camping. My last wagon wasn’t very all terrain.,Help with Wagon recommendations,1,False,K0gitsune
camping,,😉,1,False,sharon_bell
camping,,My relaxing campsite recently 🤤🤤,1,False,StRyKeStOnE
camping,,Holiday Park Homes For Camping in the UK,1,False,seaton-estate
camping,,Avail The Cash Back Offers on Dating before its gone...,1,False,Ray_Gareau
camping,,Camping to the UK with Seaton Estate Holiday Cavan,1,False,seaton-estate
camping,,WoW! Holiday Camping in Scotland with friends,1,False,seaton-estate
camping,,Anyone know a good spot to camp in Western Washington? Live in Tacoma and I'm looking for a nice little spot that's not too far away,1,False,ladue98
camping,,Found a cool rock the other day,1,False,zachadi6
camping,,Found a cool rock the other day.,1,False,zachadi6
camping,"I am sure I’m overthinking this and please excuse my ignorance. 
I was camping in the Appalachian Mountains in Eastern Tennessee near a river. Around 130 in the morning I was awoken for some reason. I heard the river rumble past but I also heard what sounded like splashing and “laughing.” The splashing sounded as if it was a kayak paddle pushing the water but it had no real rhythm to it. And when I say laughing, it was almost as if I was hearing a family kayaking down the river and giggling at jokes and such. I summed it up to being crazy people kayaking in the middle of the night. I listened for around 30 minutes before O drifted back off to sleep. It never seem to fade or grow silent it was pretty consistent. 

I’d love to know if anyone has anything I can rationalize this as. 1 am seems like a bad
Time to be kayaking through rapids of a river. 

I’m open to all answers from animals to folklore. 

Thanks y’all, once again I apologize for my ignorance in the matter, just kinda freaky",Just a question,1,False,bitcheszznnc
camping,,"Camping in the San Juan Mountains, CO [OC] (1729x828)",1,False,the_e_realm
camping,What would you do if you get the chance to enjoy different kind of himalayan Enduro in the Land of Himalayas?,Himalayan Enduro Adventure,1,False,Parikramatreks
camping,,Olympic National Forest PNW,1,False,DontCallMePS-Aldrian
camping,,How We Almost Died While Camping in A National Forest,1,False,ImLeftie
camping,,Adirondacks trip,2,False,Money-Photograph-936
camping,"Anything that really works but is a little left field beyond the normal things people take?

Thanks!","What do you have in your camping ""kitchen"" besides the normal utensils (knifes, forks bowls and tongs etc) that maybe other people don't know is a good thing to have?",1,False,Once_An_Optimist
camping,,"City of Rocks State Park, NM. Interesting rock formation.",1,False,wizardshawn
camping,"Flying to the PNW for camping.  While camping we will spend a few days roughing it on a boat in the Strait of Juan de Fuca.  I will be solely relying on my jetboil, hoping I can get fuel in Bellingham or Seattle as I know I can't fly with fuel.  Last time I flew to camp PNW it was a new jetboil in its package.  I used the heck out of it and made soup and tea for the few of us at St.Helens on a freezing day.   I left the fuel out there with my friend but can't recall if I checked the jetboil or carried it on.  I never cleaned it with alcohol or any other special tricks to remove fuel residue.

What have been your experiences flying with a used jetboil?  The flights are domestic.  I am stressing because I am putting a lot of planning on using this item due to the extreme temperature change for me.   I also don't want to rely on finding a new jetboil out there as I have limited time before getting on their boat.","Flying to camp, jetboil questions",1,False,Redrum777
camping,"I have been researching camp kitchens and I really like this one:

GCI Outdoor Master Cook Portable Folding Camp Kitchen https://www.amazon.com/dp/B07C3WK867/ref=cm_sw_r_cp_api_glc_fabc_ItpbGb3JS3PXX

The question is are these worth it even if you go car camping and typically have a picnic table? Just wondering if it’s convenient to cook and store equipment separately from the picnic table.",Is a camp kitchen worth it?,1,False,KDsburner_account
camping,[removed],Free everstryke weather resistant match!,1,False,Arnold-davies
camping,,Building a chuck box. This one's cool but needs handles for transporting imo.,1,False,dubgeee
camping,,Tonight we attempt to fit 3 humans and 2 dogs back there,1,False,drunkbackpacker
camping,,Tonight we attempt to fit 3 humans and 2 dogs back there,1,False,drivingin4lo
camping,,"Nothing better than sitting by a good campfire! Big Lake, Alaska",1,False,MommaLlama907
camping,"Hi, genuine question, I'm a 19 year old student thinking about my career path, and the thing that rejuvenates me is camping and spending time in the outdoors but it blows my mind how some people can find time to go camping, how do you make time and what kind of career/job allows you to enjoy this beautiful past time?",How do you find time for Camping,1,False,Mcnasty123
camping,,Good winter trip! Tested some wool gear to.,1,False,Zoltoks
camping,,Professional Army Outdoor Camping 3 Men Tent + Storage Space - OD Green - New,1,False,Ebaymarketer
camping,[http://ebay.us/SshTjK](http://ebay.us/SshTjK),Hunting Emergency Survival Kit Fishing SOS Survival Gear Outdoor Camping 12 in 1,0,False,Ebaymarketer
camping,,Camping at Brazos Bend State Park to escape Houston. #fishing #camping #outdoor #dog,1,False,frontrowgear
camping,,B,1,False,Snoo54569
camping,,Trip to Adirondack NY State Park,2,False,Money-Photograph-936
camping,[deleted],Trip in Adirondack NY Park in September 2020,1,False,[deleted]
camping,,My friend design this for my next camping good luck wish. I just love the design. Do you guys like it??,1,False,sayedi8020
camping,"Looking for some lesser known brands of high quality both ethically and actual material. Was doing research on The North Face and did not find good things. I would like to support someone that supports both the love for the outdoors and ethical labor practices. Someone (or a company) that puts people in front of profit, unlike North Face.

For reference:

https://www.outsideonline.com/2405448/outdoor-gear-factory-abuse-labor-practices","Direction on camping brands pls, not North Face",1,False,Complexity477
camping,So I am going to finally take my dog Finn camping. He is still a very young and very skittish to new things and sounds.  Anyone have any advice on how to help ease him into camping? I know the first night I wont sleep much cause he will prob be up and dog all night. Oh and he is only about 25lb mix breed but very loud bark. Plus what the best thing to bring for his bed?,Advice for dogs first camping trip,1,False,dogscycletoo78
camping,,"Al Naslaa Rock Tayma, Saudi Arabia, Natural or Out of this World??? Desert Camping Saudi Arabia",1,False,CamperdaddyKSA
camping,,"Alone in winter is fun, w/ family works too.",1,False,trashtrucktoot
camping,,Camping at Brazos Bend State Park to escape Houston.,1,False,someclaireflair
camping,,Dippers first winter camp,1,False,Twale
camping,,"Sunrise at FR 535, Arizona",1,False,drunkbackpacker
camping,,"Sunrise at FR 535, Arizona",1,False,drunkbackpacker
camping,,"Sunrise at FR 535, Arizona",1,False,drunkbackpacker
camping,,Is wool better for winter or summer?,1,False,drunkbackpacker
camping,,Pennsyltucky boy here looking for a weeklong adventure in the Green Mountain State. Looking for a trout stream and loneliness. Send me coordinates or just a good park. And Go!,1,False,Highgrowponics
camping,,Happy New Year!,1,False,Decoratiuneagoogle
camping,,Rare driver camping,1,False,mjohnssy2
camping,"A bit of snow has come here in Sweden, so what better than going for an overnighter in Svartedalen nature reserve. Enjoy 😊",Solo winter camping overnight in snowfall | Making flaming hot Pan Pizz...,1,False,theswenic
camping,,Campfire breakfast on the Muurikka | Testing the Helinox chair One,1,False,theswenic
camping,,Happy New Year!,1,False,Decoratiuneagoogle
camping,,Camping on the red sea has its fun,1,False,meowcaster
camping,Hello all! I was wondering if you have any recommendations on how to find hike in campsites in my area. I’m from the Shasta area of California. If there are any good resources that you could share I would appreciate it!,Where can I find a hike in campsite?,1,False,Michaelz789
camping,,More from waking up in a tent with a 6 month old. Everyone wants to know. How is it camping with a 6 month old?,1,False,Cute-Ad-1392
camping,,Mojave National Preserve this weekend,1,False,jbob133
camping,,After a hard day .... Comfortable night,1,False,omarferroudji1
camping,,Did some camping during a road trip back in NOV 2020,1,False,derekschroer
camping,,"How to stay motivated to workout, stay fit and healthy for the rest of your life",1,False,ToroPampas
camping,"I am looking for a heater for inside the tent. 

I found some that are propane powered but I worry about carbon monoxide poisoning, even with a detector. 

Are there any that run on battery or solar powered?",Best portable heaters for the tent,1,False,joeylifts
camping,,I lost my drone in the river! What now?,1,False,4_Wheels_On_The_Road
camping,,Tried our new solostove out in the backyard before taking it out for the real deal! Fun to look at and minimal smoke!,1,False,imnosouperman
camping,"New, but packed away camping backpack stinks and has smelled as long as we’ve had it.  Threw in a storage closet and recently found it.  Has never been wet or had anything inside.  How can I deodorize it?  Safe to toss in washer?  No frame But has padded back and lots of straps.",Camping backpack smells... fishy?,1,False,BlueBunny5
camping,,"First time Camping, Kedarkantha base camp.",1,False,shibani11
camping,,My home for night on a layer of spruce,1,False,thecodebelongstome
camping,,This hammock was an incredible Christmas present to myself!,1,False,ky-ta
camping,,"Full rainbow 🌈. Just outside of Vernon, BC. Take me back",2,False,hitmanhux
camping,,Help a research study,1,False,[deleted]
camping,,It was a beautiful evening.,6,False,PYIT-Antelope
camping,,San Bernardino National Forest,3,False,bogbunzhun
camping,,Car camping on the beach tonight,4,False,greenbirrd
camping,,Weekend project set up a fire pit for backyard camping,2,False,bigern12
camping,,"Finally got out and used our Christmas gift. Bledsoe State Park, TN",7,False,Shuttle79
camping,"So I have a coleman river gorge 6 person tent and I really want to save some room. Plus the bag it comes in sucks. 

I know I obviously can't compress the poles...

But what size compression bag do I need? I love sea to summit but I don't think 20L will do, maybe 30? Any advice would be great. 

We prefer a larger sent for me, my wife, my dog, and possibly to bring along friends. Obviously getting a smaller tent is an option but don't think it's needed. Thanks for the help",Compression sack question #2,1,False,joeylifts
camping,,Camp fire,2,False,meyyit-rva
camping,,The city has been draining so I decided to get back into camping. Most of the nearby campsites are all booked for the weekend so I’m giving the new gear a test run in the backyard.,1,False,auxilary
camping,,"Chill Surviving freezing cold in forest at campfire. I tried to make my second video more entertaining and chill, hope you'll enjoy guys :)",1,False,super_domi
camping,,I Almost Died While Camping in A National Forest,1,False,ImLeftie
camping,,"View from the top of Mt Finke, South Australia.",1,False,raven492
camping,"As title.
I know about snow anchors for snow but whats the best solution when there is no snow but the ground is frozen?",Setting stakes/pegs in Winter/frozen ground,1,False,MechaSheep
camping,"I just finished making a rough sketch of the entire guide but felt like there might be some things missing. Then I had the genius idea to see what the camping subreddit has to say about it. Could you perhaps give me some of your valuable insight? It will be greatly appreciated.

Here's the sketch: [https://dynalist.io/d/1KavL1XCDRozOhULBNpNyGRk#theme=dark](https://dynalist.io/d/1KavL1XCDRozOhULBNpNyGRk#theme=dark)

Note: not every line is a subtitle, some are just chunks of information and will be adjusted.",I'm putting together a massive tent camping guide and need your help,1,False,stormxoxo69
camping,,Lungs full of fresh air,4,False,motivizer
camping,"Hello r/camping, I started piecing together a few emergency necessities for my car a few months ago which has ballooned into a bit of a hobby of curating a bug-out-bag. It started as reflective emergency road triangles, emergency blankets, knife that has a seatbelt cutter and window breaker. But now I’m onto lifestraws and single person tents haha.


Anyway, I bought a nice compass on eBay but it’s useless unless I know how to use it. My plan was to watch some YouTube videos and test it out locally then go out into the woods, in a relatively safe and not totally remote area and field test it. Since I’m doing that I may as well do a one day or two day excursion with a heavy load of all my gear just to try it all out. Below I’ll list all of the things I will be taking with me on my first run (hopefully I get the formatting right so it’s not annoying to read) and then on subsequent tests I’ll refine what is essential and what I can do without. I would greatly appreciate any tips or suggestions on things I should be ready for/need to buy/ or other cold weather camping advice. Thank you.


* 57 gallon backpack
* 4.3 pound single person tent
* 16x20 multipurpose drytop tarp
* nylon rope
* duct tape
* lifestraw with bladder
* winter clothing and knee pads 
* kbar, bear spray, emergency whistle
* [this first aid kit and all its contents](https://www.amazon.com/dp/B08CVRXH4Z/ref=cm_sw_r_cp_api_glc_fabc_PVXaGb399YVES?_encoding=UTF8&amp;psc=1)
* spork, small camping pot and pan
* [this small stove with fire starter cubes](https://www.amazon.com/dp/B01B3NRAUA/ref=cm_sw_r_cp_api_glc_fabc_fYXaGb7WV6MKH)
* zippo with spare fluid
* [this compass](https://www.amazon.com/dp/B07Q3VSZ26/ref=cm_sw_r_cp_api_glc_fabc_x1XaGb763KSM5)
* ReadyWise Emergency Food Supply Grab Bag
* Handsaw, small collapsible trench shovel
* [This power supply/radio thing](https://www.amazon.com/dp/B07FKYHTWP?ref=ppx_pop_mob_ap_share)
* cellphone with offline map downloaded and gps. USB charge cord
* gloves
* Water bottle

Again any suggestions, tips, and advice are greatly appreciated. Thank you! Also I am in NE America to get an idea of the worst kind of weather I’ll be facing. For fun as an exercise outside of general tips; let’s say worst case scenario I need to walk about 300 miles- a four day journey -to the Canadian border.",Testing BoB. Wanted some tips on winter weather camping/navigation/survival.,1,False,Blahklavah654390
camping,,My First Time- NO Tent- Solo Winter Camping Under a Tarp (AWESOME!),1,False,homesteadhow
camping,,What is your favorite place to have a breakfast? Share Your travel Instagram! ig : saigonmunch,3,False,saigonmunch
camping,,Excited to try out our new sleeping pad. Camping in central Florida next weekend!,1,False,Top-TruNess
camping,,Best camping ever!,1,False,honeyiroam
camping,,Here we go,1,False,East-Palpitation-653
camping,,Colorado just outside Durango,0,False,Cute-Ad-1392
camping,,Waking up in a tent with a 6 month old baby like.,1,False,Cute-Ad-1392
camping,,-10c hammock trip. Lake froze overnight,1,False,MechaSheep
camping,,-10c hammock trip. Lake froze overnight,1,False,MechaSheep
camping,,my camping view is very special from UAE,1,False,hesamzy
camping,,New hot tent setup! So excited to get it out today!,1,False,AdventuresWSpackmann
camping,,Camping at Mai Khao Beach Phuket Thailand!,1,False,SnooShortcuts344
camping,,Camping in one of Oslo's many lakes,1,False,richardsuser
camping,,"Twin Lakes, CO. We were fortunate enough to get this drive in spot.",1,False,JamesBotwen
camping,"&amp;#x200B;

*Processing img 5xgj2ao8snb61...*

 1. A good drying place  
Under the [awning](https://www.chinafoldingtent.com) is the best place to dry your clothes. The awning can block the wind and rain, and the lower part can be equipped with a drying rack to dry the clothes, even if it rains suddenly when you are out. More importantly, it can cut off the damage of ultraviolet rays to clothing and prevent clothing from fading and becoming old.

2. Harmony and unity of shading and daylighting  
While shielding the scorching summer, it can reflect strong sunlight into the room in the form of diffused light, so that the indoor light is bright and not dazzling, and does not affect the view from the window outside the room, extending people's living space from the interior Going outdoors creates a new living space.

3. Anti-ultraviolet function  
The sunshade's sunshade cloth has a special anti-ultraviolet function, which not only protects human skin from ultraviolet rays but also greatly extends the service life of indoor decoration and furniture.

There are a variety of patterns and colors of covering cloth. Users can personalize and decorate the window surroundings according to their own tastes. They can also choose the appropriate awning model according to the shape of the building to make the building equipped with the awning of the day The objects are more personalized decoration, thereby enhancing the image of the overall building.",What Is The Role And Function Of The Awning?,1,False,linhaizhenyi
camping,,"Camping in Croatia, Peljesac Island",1,False,RecycleIvan
camping,There aren’t many wild boar around my area but there is definitely one outside my tent and I have food in here. Am I gonna die? I don’t know what to do I just know that boars are very dangerous holy fuck one just touched my tent I think they know I have food,I’m fucking terrified,1,False,DiamondPlayz225
camping,,"Camping this past spring in Lone Pine, CA",1,False,spunkycatz
camping,,How To Never Get Bored Cooking With A Single Gas Burner or Camping Stove,1,False,vanlifesurvivoruk
camping,Alrighty y’all I’m looking for a place to camp around north Texas.  Preferably not a place with a lot of foot traffic. Any recommendations would be appreciated.,Looking for a free play to camp,1,False,mcstudlikegirls
camping,,Breakfast on the Beach @saigonmunch,1,False,saigonmunch
camping,,"If it wasn’t for this sub, I wouldn’t know this tent exists. I can’t wait for spring.",1,False,Satan_S_R_US
camping,,SPARKS,1,False,gubnahhh
camping,,View in Washington state. The mountains are so beautiful.,4,False,Hipdave
camping,,"Campers of reddit, What's one thing you didnt think you'd need until you needed it?",1,False,SenorBapo
camping,,"I have made steady progress over the years trimming pack weight. The past 3 years I've struggled justifying making additional changes. My eno hammock system is heavy, but it's not changing the smile on my face or heart, you know? Please challenge me here if I should consider making changes.",2,False,DeadPancreas1984
camping,,"She was very curious about us, and that white thing called a tortilla.. Curious and friendly..",6,False,Effective_Bullfrog80
camping,"&amp;#x200B;

https://preview.redd.it/1qswfx718lb61.jpg?width=4608&amp;format=pjpg&amp;auto=webp&amp;s=0df9d75f795d59b16c91ae62dc51f7fc1e3409ef",Spent a few weeks rafting the Colorado River and camping in the Grand Canyon,1,False,rspydir
camping,,"Fishin Camp Life: Back axle on my pickup shifted, cannot go home to my Q...",1,False,LadFromTheWoods
camping,"Just seeking advice on where to go this weekend. We're a family of 4 (kids are 4 and 6) and we camp often, but this will be our first time doing it on dispersed land and not a campground. We're traveling from Los Angeles in a minivan and we have all the gear. We were originally planning to head to Kofa/Palm Canyon in AZ but are last minute considering Alabama Hills now as it's been at the top of our list and weather looks super mild this weekend. I am mainly wondering if Alabama Hills will be extra crowded, as it's a holiday weekend. I don't know what to expect...if people say AH is ""crowded,"" does that mean you actually see neighbors in all directions when you look around, or are you able to get a good spot still with some privacy? Any opinions are very welcome - thank you!",Kofa or Alabama Hills for first time boondocking,1,False,CallMeMorbidandPale
camping,So what's the secret to getting a good / popular site at the state parks in Michigan? I'm locked and loaded every morning with no success.,Reservation problems with Michigan State Parks,1,False,chuckthemauler
camping,,Gurgling of water meditation,3,False,meyyit-rva
camping,,Under the moonlight,1,False,meyyit-rva
camping,,"Some good nights camping in Lincoln national forest, NM",6,False,telekasterr
camping,,Bushcraft Breakfast - Petromax Firebowl - Wild Camping International,1,False,MacBushcraft
camping,,"Camping in the Ocala National Forest, just before the new year",2,False,spicyspicysushisushi
camping,[deleted],Camping in the Ocala National Forest just before the new year,1,False,[deleted]
camping,,"Undisclosed location in BC, Canada (I forget the name of the lake). What a beautiful place in the mountains :). Lake was freezing cold but very refreshing.",8,False,hitmanhux
camping,"&amp;#x200B;

https://reddit.com/link/kxzoiz/video/9t1jda4x9jb61/player

This product is now available at [CatamaranTech.com/](https://CatamaranTech.com/products/23-in-1)

&amp;#x200B;",THE ULTIMATE SURVIVAL TOOL 23-IN-1 FOLDING SHOVEL,1,False,ToddCatamaran
camping,,Tried a flame pack from Walmart for the first time. Camera just doesn’t do it justice,1,False,devilscut76
camping,,"Spent a night in the Amazon. It was cool but terrifying. I don't want to repeat it, lol.",2,False,rhinoceroshorn1
camping,,Not a bad spot for a camp. Long hike in with way too much crap but it was worth it. Kenzua Dam in PA.,1,False,kingrobin
camping,"Looking for some great camping spots for summer and fall that are family friendly, any recommendations?",Need recommendations for camping spots in Northern California,1,False,mrsgaddo
camping,,Rainy mornings in the tent just hit differently.,8,False,Euphoric_Mushroom100
camping,,We started 2021 with a leaky tent and crazy rain! Great story to tell now that it's over!,2,False,CrayyBray
camping,,I will develop a andriod mobile 2d and 3d game for just $20,1,False,shjsksksfndlslsgsh
camping,,Decoratiunile naturii,1,False,Decoratiuneagoogle
camping,,"Daily daytime camp outs happening at the family homestead. (Might have a fireplace, but no water, electricity or bathroom.)",1,False,modernhippieproject
camping,"I'm looking for camping gear,I'm new to camping(I don't know anything).I'm searching for cheap camping accessories,I'm searching for some places for camping(I'm from India).The places should be safe,I started thinking of camping because of yuru camp if you have places like the ones in yuru camp then please tell.",Looking for camping gear and places,1,False,DrWeird31
camping,,"I will design awesome mascot for your esport logo, twitch or youtube",1,False,shjsksksfndlslsgsh
camping,,When a donkey wandered in and joined us for breakfast while camping last summer,1,False,andypandy8686
camping," 

https://preview.redd.it/zhsdwiymngb61.jpg?width=800&amp;format=pjpg&amp;auto=webp&amp;s=16a668958a5422fbce902ea77717f8b80d0b11a7

　　Do it yourself, how to, outdoor life

　　The investment [pavilion](https://www.chinafoldingtent.com/) seems a bit expensive, you can only use it in summer and the rest of the year, it sits there, no one uses it. This seems to be a waste of money, but you can never go wrong again. The pavilion can be used all year round, but you must know how to use the pavilion and for what purpose. So go out there, buy a pavilion, and use it all the time in some of the most unusual but awesome ways.

　　Tip 1-Turn it into an outdoor cinema

　　Since the pavilion is already set up, you can easily convert it into a home theater. Drag the TV, CD system, and other speakers to the pavilion for installation, or just buy another set of entertainment equipment (flat screen, soundbar), which can be covered and sealed when not in use.

　　After the theater opens, organize a party with your friends and family, watch the latest 3D movies, host a sports night, and even watch your favorite shows in this exotic new entertainment venue you created for yourself and your family. Unfavorable weather such as rain or strong wind may prevent you from using the pavilion, but you can invest in heavy-duty PVC solid walls to keep the pavilion warm and safe. Alternatively, you can use the pavilion when the weather is not too severe. Mother Nature does not show her anger every winter night or weekend.

　　Tip 2-Temporary Shelter

　　If you have a movable pavilion, you can easily move the pavilion in the hot summer to provide temporary shelter for vehicles. Install a pavilion on the driveway or sidewalk, and then park the car in the shade.

　　Tip 3-Build a greenhouse

　　Build a small garden in the pavilion to protect the environment. In winter, establish a small garden and plant seasonal vegetables such as potatoes, onions, peppers, eggplants, etc. Don't forget to buy strong or flexible plastic walls to keep the inside of the pavilion warm and moist. With the right heater, you can easily get a comfortable supply of fresh vegetables throughout the winter.

　　Tip 4-Open a pop-up store

　　Do you have a small business? Use it as a pop-up store by setting up temporary pavilions in parking lots, exhibitions, and popular shopping areas. You may need a license or permit, but this is a significant way to increase awareness of local businesses with minimal investment.

　　Tip 5-Charity Activities

　　Charity activities are an excellent way to collect food, money, and clothes for the poor. If you have a portable pavilion, place it near a church, hospital, or any event to promote charitable activities. With the right pavilion, you can attract walkers into the pavilion and encourage them to follow your favorite charity. After all, any kind of contribution can have a huge impact on any non-profit organization.

　　Tip 6-Temporary storage

　　Are you decorating the house? Or do you have to leave your home for a few days because of pests and fog? Use the pavilion as a temporary shelter or a place to temporarily store your property. In summer, this is possible. However, in rainy weather and winter, you may need extra protection. Under these adverse conditions, make sure you have a strong PVC wall to provide temperature control and protect you and your property from strong winds.

　　Tip 7-Use it as a team-building exercise

　　For seminar organizers, teamwork is a great way to encourage a community atmosphere. Building things together is a great way to encourage team unity, and the pavilion is a perfect choice. In a company seminar, you can divide your colleagues into teams and then compete. The team that built the pavilion received the reward first. This team exercise can encourage unity and ensure mutual communication and better professional ethics between teams. Of course, you can also set the pavilion as an outdoor seating area during business seminars, or set the pavilion as an outdoor snack area during business lunches or events.

　　Tip 8 – Make jazz on the kid’s birthday party

　　Children like to have fun birthday parties. If you already have a temporary gazebo, hold a pantomime, puppet show, or magic show in the gazebo and make the kids happy throughout the party. You can rent two more pavilions, and hire temporary tattooists, handicraft teachers, etc. Your young guests will have a wonderful time.

　　Tip 9-Giveaway

　　If you have a company, the pavilion is a great way to promote your company locally. Created pavilions with logos and distributed them to your vendors as freebies. You can also give it away to customers who shop in your store or customers who win simple daily contests.

　　Tip 10-beach party

　　If you organize a beach party, then you know it can be very windy and cold at night. In order to provide temporary protection, please set up a pavilion on the beach and place lounges, rocking chairs, and carpets in the pavilion to relax.

　　As you can see, the pavilion is the perfect holiday destination when it comes to relaxing outdoors. Just sitting in the pavilion completely comfortably in the pavilion can provide a multi-purpose investment.",10 Unusual But Great Ways To Use The Gazebo,1,False,LiyFaaLinhai
camping,Hey Campers! What kind of tent do you recommend for winter season?,Winter tent,1,False,ozakayeda
camping,,Car camping at a disused Quarry in South Australia recently.,1,False,b_quiet_and_drive
camping,,watch this video,1,False,Prudent-Gear-7228
camping,,Campfire on the beach from a while back in Öland Sweden,1,False,One_Ad_4951
camping,"I recently bought a truck and I’m trying to decide how I want to focus my camping set up. 

I have thought about buying a camper shell, building a bed frame with storage and sleeping in the truck bed. Only one issue, I’m 6’4 and have a measly 5 and a half foot bed. I could sleep diagonally but this would make it very difficult if another person were joining me.

I am also very interested in doing the roof top tent option which would be mounted on a truck bed rack. I love the idea of this because I could then use my truck bed for other items and likely be more comfortable. I would also be able to more comfortably fit another person. My main concern with this option is the durability and the longevity of these roof top tents compared to a camper shell where I wouldn’t have this concern. 

Anyone have any opinions on which option they would do and why?",Roof top tent vs Camper Shell,1,False,ky-ta
camping,Would it be safe for me to do a 2 day water fast while camping with my dog in below freezing temperatures? Or would it be dangerous without having any food to keep my core body temperature at the right level?,Fasting below freezing.,1,False,treepuffer420
camping,,"Different camping view. Big Red Sand Dune, central Australia, for the Big Red Bash 2019. Remotest music festival in the world. 1300 miles (2000km) west of Brisbane 10,000 people all camping for 4 days. 3days there and 3 days back all bush camping.",2,False,bobthebeagle
camping,,"Looking down at McCarthy Creek to Booth lake, access point 17 in Algonquin Park, Ontario, Canada.",2,False,Darthpubes
camping,[removed],NOLS courses for non-professionals? Worth it?,1,False,MasterpieceBig4317
camping,,My favorite campsite from my favorite trip. The view of Half Dome was perfect. Also a few other pics from the trip. Yosemite National Park from 2017.,8,False,d3rk2007
camping,We camped &amp; snorkeled at Devil's Den in Florida in our #tinycamper - IT WAS AMAZING! CHECK IT OUT! [https://youtu.be/PBH9lKFRx68](https://youtu.be/PBH9lKFRx68)   \- What's your dream camping spot? ,CAMPING IN FLORIDA,1,False,honeyiroam
camping,"My wife saw a video of someone with an enclosed gazebo and a ducted fireplace, so now she wants one.

Yes, I've told her it's stupid and potentially deadly, but I don't know how long it takes for a single propane gas oven to fill a space with CO.  She said she would open the door while it's on, but I don't know if that's good enough, and it would make it cold.

How long can it run for without it being dangerous?",My wife wants to add a propane gas firepit to our 10 x 10 enclosed gazebo. How long can it run before I have to worry about carbon monoxide buildup.,2,False,rob132
camping,"My wife has pretty severe Scoliosis and has a lot of trouble wearing backpacks. I reckon she would do okay with a lumbar pack, but there does not appear to be any lumbar packs large enough to support a multiday excursion without myself being overburdened. Does anybody have some insight on packs that may help alleviate weight on her back? Or form fit to be weighted in a manner more suitable to her?",Backpacks for Scoliosis,1,False,mrmanwoman
camping,"Another Redditor just posted their pics of backcountry camping in Algonquin Park, and I have a flood of good memories from about 20 years ago in the late 2000's when a handful of buds and I used to go winter camping between Chirstmas and New years each year. I thought I'd share, even though this reddit seems more dedicated to pics than words :)

We never took tents. Back then, hot camping wasn't a thing, and we felt like we could get by without one - but that didn't preclude us taking some other ""creative"" shelters. We weren't much good at lightweight camping. I recall my pack was over 80lbs every time we went. Our clothes were mostly wool and we didn't do ""high tech"" fabrics since we were all broke, and the army surplus store was down the road.  Sleds were a prominent part of our gear.

In year 1 - we thought this was a once in a lifetime adventure, so everyone over planned and overpacked with all sorts of expectations and concerns. We arrived at Algonquin Park at the crack of dawn and hiked back into the woods on the Western Uplands trail (IIRC). Pulling the sleds and hiking in the snow was far harder than we'd anticipated. We moved slower than we thought we would and quickly saw we wouldn't be reaching our intended goal. Eventually we reached Starling Lake and declared it ""home"". 

John pulled out a huge 50'X25' Canadian Tire tarp and we started to talk about how we'd set it up to make a shelter. Eventually we stretched out the tarp on the snow and decided that we'd dig a pit to stretch the tarp over. The pit was dug, and  the tarp stretched out. by time we were done digging, the sun was getting low. It was a warm night for January though. No one was cold, and the snow was getting heavy - there may have even been a light fog. We found some dead trees in the woods and stripped their branches for firewood. The spars that were left, we laid across the pit to hold up the tarp, and lashed a grid together, then stretched the tarp over the trees and crawled inside dragging in our gear behind us. 

As we got the fire going to cook dinner, John produced a large piece of Tyvek housewrap.  We set 4 spars in the ground and made a gazebo as a light drizzle began to fall. As we ate, the drizzle thickened and we became concerned about freezing rain. After a meal of reconstituted dehydrated whatever it was, we all made a run for our shelter to stay dry, and indeed, it was very cosy inside - but the roof didn't have much insulation. We all decided that a quick shoveling session to put snow on the tarp roof would be a good idea. an hour later, the roof had a consistent 6"" layer of snow on it, and everyone headed back inside to dry out.

With about a half-dozen candle-lanterns lighting the space, everyone settled into or onto their sleeping arrangements. With the weight of the snow, the roof was a few inches lower. In the spaces between the spars, the tarp sagged more, but it was all good and warm and comfortable.

It wasn't until after we were asleep that the drizzle became rain. The rain was gentle and silent and we didn't hear it hitting the tarp since the snow muffled the sound. I think it was Jim who woke first. His sleeping bag had soaked through, and he woke up everyone else. The weight of the rain on the tarp had made it sag down to where it was nearly touching me, and the water in the snow pit was coming up from below. I was on a cot about 4"" off the ground and about 1"" from the ceiling and trapped between the water above and the water below. No one was getting out of the snow pit dry, and all of our gear was soaked through.

We all scrambled to the gazebo, which had collapsed with the weight of water. For the rest of the night we would stand outside alternating between trying to rescue our fire (which sank into the ground as it burned) and the gazebo (that kept wanting to tip over with the weight of water it was holding). 

As the night went on, nature was kind to us, and the temperatures dropped below freezing, turning the freezing rain to snow and the water to ice. Eventually, 2 of the guys were able to return to bed, but John and I stayed up tending the fire and the gazebo. 

As soon as the sun reappeared, we got everyone up and assessed how bad things were. I recall my backpack being a frozen brick. That may be incorrect, but for sure it was not in good shape. we decided to dismantle camp and hike back out. Everything weighed extra with all the water. Dis assembling the pit was a mammoth chore with the tarp frozen to the poles. 

Luckily we had food for 4 days and had only stayed 1. We ate well and laughed about our mistakes as we tore camp down. everyone was exhausted. On the way out, the trails were a skiff of snow over a slick of ice, and we all had to lean on each other as we trudged along with packs that were all over 100 lbs.

That year set the tone for all the years of winter camping that followed. It was the first great failed experiment - others would follow including home-made snowshoes falling apart on the trail, a mitten dryer that turned into a blowtorch when put over the fire, The year we arrived too late to build quinzees and ended up sleeping out in the open, the year we took a marine from Florida with us who had never seen snow, and so on. While all of our trips had amazing failures, we never felt like we were in real danger, and always came away laughing and having a great story to share. 

Jim and John are in their late 60's now and no longer camping. I miss going out there with them. I'd do it again in heartbeat.",Winter camping memories,2,False,FrostyProspector
camping,"Just spent 3 days on the river in the New Bren KOA, great little spot.I you have a chance check it out

Camper Rockwood Primer A122,

2 adults, 1 teen, &amp; 1dog

https://preview.redd.it/3fqxw7951cb61.jpg?width=1332&amp;format=pjpg&amp;auto=webp&amp;s=659c0aa430555bdaadb3097297623f27543d2bae",New Bern NC KOA,1,False,blackripley
camping,,Spent the last week exploring Big Bend state and national parks,5,False,Crossett
camping,,20 degrees is nothing when you’ve got a furry space heater in the tent!,6,False,sneakycurbstomp
camping,,Quick question. What is the worst that you've experienced during any camping trip?,1,False,richardsuser
camping,,"Love all the camping symbols on my shirt! Fires, s’mores to name a couple!",1,False,annyongbluth01134
camping,"I want to do more camping this year and I was wondering if anyone knows of a good bedroll or sleeping bag suitable for someone who is 6'10""?",Good Bedroll / Sleeping Bag for Tall Person,1,False,packetpirate
camping,,Recall on Sea to Summit Pots,1,False,brendancmiller
camping,,University project: Portable hydromechanical generator,1,False,[deleted]
camping,,Trekkertent Saor DCF 4-season winter tent review,1,False,chrisontour84
camping,,I could do this forever 💓,4,False,its_carmensita
camping,"Hey guys, I have a few trips planned for this upcoming summer and would love to hear what kind of foods you bring when camping. There will be 2-4 of us together with 2-4mile hikes out to our campsites. I have a nice cooler and Coleman stove, but less to carry is always preferred. 

I read someone likes bringing summer sausage and roasting it over the fire. Those are the sorts of things I’d love to hear more of and thought others might as well. Thanks!",Suggestions on favorite foods to pack or meals to make?,1,False,Bigmomma59plus10
camping,,"Little Limestone Lake, Manitoba, Canada",1,False,itsmelexipoo
camping,"I’m going solo backpacking/camping in mountain lion country. Not too worried about hiking during the day.  However, when I’m setting up camp, cooking over a campfire, etc... it will be around sunset and into the evening.  Any precautions I can take since I will be solo camping during their prime hunting time at dusk and right after nightfall?  Thanks in advance for any tips.",Advice on backpacking in mountain lion country,2,False,coastiemike
camping,"I am working to secure a remote location to be the site of an outdoor sustainability school that will include a no trace camping area, what are your thoughts about how popular that might be? At most I would prepare some specific areas to be flat enough for tenting and have water available on-site. More details at: [https://gofund.me/52fa3b77](https://gofund.me/52fa3b77)",gofundme to save 80 acres,2,False,TCSaladino
camping,,Let's hear some of your best camping hacks that you have.,1,False,speed_junkiemustang
camping,[removed],レーザーポインター ペン型300mwレーザーポインター 赤光 紫光レーザー光線,1,False,No_Farm7355
camping,,"A cold morning in algonquin park, ontario.",1,False,Darthpubes
camping,,"Resurrecting FJ60s, FJ62s &amp; FJ55 TOYOTA LANDCRUISERS: Parts, Builds, Revival &amp; Fixing Updates",1,False,jkdur728
camping,,First Camping Knife!,1,False,cyberborg101
camping,,BLACK - Pearl Jam | cover,1,False,berting37A
camping,"My Campfire

I love it! [Mini Campfire](https://www.solikefire.com/collections/fire-pits-1/products/teenra-portable-stainless-steel-bbq-grill-non-stick-surface-folding-barbecue-grill-outdoor-camping-picnic-tool)

&amp;#x200B;

*Processing img ft9nayhgh9b61...*

&amp;#x200B;

*Processing img v80b5nrdh9b61...*",My Camping Tool,1,False,Peggy_Horan_22
camping,"A friend an I are planning to car camp at one of the sno parks near Tahoe, since some allow over night parking. Were wondering how cold it can get for us to safely camp in our car. 

We've tent camped with the overnight low getting around 30F. We have a down comforter, heated blanket (I planned to preheat it before we turn the car off) and a thick foam sleeping pad. Is there anything we should know before hand, and is there any rule of thumb for how cold is too cold to camp in your car? 

Thanks!",Realistic expectations for winter car camping,1,False,SofainSac
camping,,"Bushwacking up the ridgeline facing south overlooking O.S.A. Lake in Killarney Provincial Park, Ontario, Canada, early spring.",1,False,Darthpubes
camping,,"Sea to Summit pots, recalled. Fyi and all.",1,False,polaritypictures
camping,"To the people who have been to Glacier national park in the US, what were the best trails you did there?",Glacier National Park tips?,1,False,DrStone1234
camping,,07 Subaru Outback build &amp; Yosemite January 2021,7,False,_Snowone_
camping,"I've been making campsite reservations for a trip this summer to the National Parks and may have two friends joining me for a few days. All of the reservations I've made were just for one person and I am wondering if I need to make changes to that prior to my trip? It would still just be one site, but with two tents for three people. Any ideas?",Does the # of people on a site reservation matter?,3,False,linrhe07
camping,,Much prefer the bottom pic,5,False,sagitalistheway
camping,"I know a lot of campsites are closed everywhere so I'm literally looking for anything at this point. I'm in Santa Cruz and willing to drive 10 hours or a bit more in my Prius, so no off-roading and avoiding snow right now. I'm considering Moab or Zion if any camping is available, but does anyone know how the weather is in the winter there?  Any ideas on dispersed camping I could do? One of my roommates might have covid so it's ironically a better idea to get out. Hopefully somewhere is open?!!",Any dispersed camping open in California? (or possibly Arizona and Utah),2,False,anothersneakykiki
camping,"Hey guys,

So I am a newbie at camping, and wondering what kind of qualities do you look for in gloves? Comfort over thickness etc?",What kind of qualities do you look for in gloves?,1,False,maverickinator
camping,"I am interested in your experience camping at or near this park in North Dakota. Their camp sites are almost all first come-first serve this year which I have never done before. And as a planner makes me nervous!
 
Just looking for anyone else’s experience with this area or tips for actually getting a site. Thank you!",Anyone camp at/near Theodore Roosevelt National Park?,1,False,danny3535
camping,,First night truck camping with this chompasaurus named Ringo. Slept more in the truck than he ever had at home.,18,False,tac_homa_
camping,,Made myself a fun little sticker for my new tumbler.,3,False,DriftingInTheDarknes
camping,,First night in the new tent! Did a dry run in the woods by my house :) it got down to 21 degrees Fahrenheit!,7,False,lanrakatheriue
camping,,"Camping with the pups at Fall Creek Falls State Park, Tennessee in October",8,False,Newtonfam
camping,[deleted],"Husband and I camping with the pups at Fall Creek Falls State Park, Tennessee, USA in October",2,False,[deleted]
camping,,Bag-o-Lasagna and some garlic toast (Kissimmee Prairie Preserve State Park),6,False,TheFloridaKid85
camping,[deleted],First time female car camper,0,False,[deleted]
camping,,I saw someone else awesome reflections photo and thought I would share one I took of my own! Bon Echo PP,5,False,dothebearcat4444
camping,,The fiancé and I took a day trip out to Lake Fairfield State Park (TX),5,False,originalzboy
camping,[deleted],The fiancé and I took a day trip out to Lake Fairfield State Park (TX),1,False,[deleted]
camping,[deleted],The fiancé took a day trip out to some trails and Lake Fairfield state park (TX),1,False,[deleted]
camping,,Don’t forget to look up the next time you’re camping!,11,False,Infinite-Aviation
camping,Do I just simply throw it out? Or is there a safe place to take it to? Can I recycle it?,What do I do with expired bear spray?,1,False,julsca
camping,,One morning while tent camping in the United Arab Emirates (UAE) mountains (2018),8,False,tranccident
camping,"I’m trying to find a place to do some dispersed camping away from everyone in Northern California. 

In particular I’m preferring to search BLM land for places to camp, but I’m getting a lot of conflicting information when searching online. National forests seem fine too, but there’s a lot of talk of stumbling into private property and whatnot.

To anyone with experience finding dispersed campsites to just set up for a day or two without anyone around, how have you gone about searching for/getting to these types of sites? Thanks for any advice you might provide!",Dispersed camping in Northern California,2,False,SFlabrat
camping,,Black Sand Dune Camping Saudi Arabia (Quick Video),0,False,CamperdaddyKSA
camping,,My childhood best friend just started this channel. Figured this great community could give him some support!,1,False,Meerkats_are_ok
camping,,#winteriscoming,4,False,Signal-Rub-910
camping,,"Reflections - British Columbia, Canada.",2,False,itsmelexipoo
camping,,"Lake Louise, Alberta, Canada!",4,False,itsmelexipoo
camping,[removed],Looking for help with a personal project I am working on about camping!,1,False,lolaflololaflolola
camping,I've tried to Google it but didn't find anything. Anybody done any winter camping in MA and know places that allow it?,Winter camping in MA?,1,False,diepecanpie
camping,,Palo Duro Canyon State Park,1,False,WeekendCamping
camping,"I know this is a goofy question.. 

Going camping in bear country. I’m a girl so I’d like to smell good but not attract bears.. 

does anyone know any tips for scents bears don’t like but people do? Or any other tips for a girl who’s camping that are useful.. it’s my first time! 😊🐻",Bear safe perfumes and soaps?,2,False,Onredditforadvice
camping,"I am a mid-level experienced car camper and have only camped in camp grounds up until this point. This sub has inspired me to stop paying $15 a night to sleep 30 feet away from another tent and go explore the national forest near me (Talladega). I found my spot and checked it out last weekend. I also have two more backup spots nearby in case a gate gets closed or someone is already there. Each spot has an old fire ring.

Any tips for making the transition to dispersed camping? I think I am going to be a little freaked out the first night but I want to give it a go!",First time BLM camping. Advice? Freezing temps expected,1,False,spandrewszy
camping,,Camping finally in “winter” TuHcan escape is Mt Lemon.,1,False,vuROVq
camping,,15 Smart Tips for Camping in the Rain,1,False,Hiking_Accessories
camping,,This little fella came up while setting up a tent in Cades Cove,1,False,tranccident
camping,,Help Me Reach My Goal and Support: one last time,1,False,charleyslasttrip
camping,,"Our first winter camping trip. Tahquamenon Falls, Paradise MI",1,False,BuckskinJack
camping,,Cottonwood lake in pikes and San Isabel national forests (CO),1,False,407whalen
camping,,"Great Sand Dunes, Colorado. Hiker in the distance",1,False,Here2raiseHELL
camping,,"Trip to Mt Iso, Senapati district, Manipur",1,False,Yametekudasai_69
camping,,"Camping a cold November day in Oslo, Norway",1,False,richardsuser
camping,,Cozy nook ambience,1,False,Prestigious-Ad-8299
camping,,"Poland Spring, Maine",1,False,CampNorthStarMaineME
camping,,Desert Camping in Unexplored Saudi Arabia,1,False,CamperdaddyKSA
camping,,Red Sand Camping (Mars Lookalike) Saudi Arabia,1,False,CamperdaddyKSA
camping,,Awesome Camping Experience in Unexplored Saudi Arabia by American Family (Mars Lookalike),1,False,CamperdaddyKSA
camping,,Black Sand Dune Camping in Saudi Arabia (Moon camping),1,False,CamperdaddyKSA
camping,,openfire cooking,1,False,zdravkodren
camping,,From the lakeside,2,False,just_a_tallguy
camping,,View from yesterday's hike!,2,False,just_a_tallguy
camping,[deleted],View from yesterday's hike!!,2,False,[deleted]
camping,,You didn’t even know you needed these chairs!,1,False,CalligrapherFamous43
camping,"Moved to Arizona a few years ago from the grand Teton area of Wyoming and have loved camping all my life. Moving out here has posed its challenges mainly being that i live in the city and it’s gonna be a drive anywhere to go to a decent camp site and when I find one, it’s basically a hotel for tents doesn’t feel like camping. Any good recommendations out there for beautiful areas that are “undeveloped “ or just don’t have a tents every ten feet?",Arizona camping,2,False,SleepyBrown024
camping,I got the Nomad around three weeks ago and since then I have used it on two camping trips. I want to give you a no bs review so I’ll just list my personal pros and cons about the tool. Pros: it’s really compact so it takes no effort just to throw it in the bag or put in my wallet. The versatility of this thing is great it has like 13 or so tools (of which I probably use 6) but just cutting down Six tools into one makes the purchase great for me. Now the cons: the weight is more then I thought it would be (this might not necessarily be a bad thing but I just was caught off guard by it) and the knife on the tool is dull so I had to sharpen it on my stone. Overall I would give an 8/10. (https://backpackingmovement.com/products/card-multi-tool),Nomad Multitool Review,2,False,ripmyoldaccount1
camping,"I decided one day that I was going to stop buying duraflame logs since they are a waste of money. Duraflame logs are made of three ingredients. Wax sawdust and seeds (for crackling sounds). 

Apparently a lot of people have sources for free sawdust near them but I can’t seem to find any of that so I came up with my own recipe. Instead of sawdust I substitute charcoal.


Here is the recipe

Take lump charcoal (home made or store bought) and grind it into a sand like powder using a blender/ food processor.
[tip: use a wire spoon called a spider to pick the coals out of a cold fire, shake off the soot and salvage the charcoal]

Melt wax in an all metal pot or kettle [this is importand] and pour it into a container with the charcoal until it becomes like wet sand when you mix it.

Scoop out the mixture with you hands when it cools down *JUST* enough and scoop it into a sheet of aluminum foil. Wrap the aluminum foil around the pile of charcoal and once fully enclosed, massage into the shape of a loaf/log. Set aside till completely room temp (about an hour for me)

Unwrap loaf from foil and place onto wax paper, wrap wax paper around about 3 times and press sides like a burrito so it is fully enclosed in wax paper.

***here is why it’s important to use a fully metal pot to melt the wax*** 

You can place the used pot on its side in a fire to burn off the wax and leave behind just soot, that can be easily scrubbed off with Brillo or steel wool with some washing abrasive if needed until all the black is gone.


Now some people don’t like using paraphin wax becouse some studies show it produces certain unhealthy chemicals when burned. I don’t have a problem with paraphin wax but if you do then you can use bees wax or if that’s too expensive use vegetable waxes like soy wax.",I think I figured out the perfect campfire fuel recipe.,1,False,ender3838
camping,[deleted],"August 2020. Bald Eagle State Forest, PA",1,False,[deleted]
camping,,Tarp Shelter for Life,9,False,tomsequitur
camping,,These are reliable methods to start a fire without matches or lighters,1,False,Defiel1
camping,"Trying to plan my summer camping trips and want to go somewhere new. I like pretty lakes/rivers where the campgrounds are either right on the shore or close enough for a five minute walk. Do you have any favorite campgrounds that fit that description, within 1-3 hours of Sacramento?",Best waterfront campgrounds in Nor Cal?,1,False,jennanaa
camping,,Eastern Sierras this past weekend. Unbelievable sunsets and stars!,6,False,cchesterman3
camping,,Northern Ontario Camp N Cook - Steak and Beans,1,False,VentureCreek
camping,"I’m looking at some from REI that start at around $50 but can go up to $100. I’m not a big spender when it comes to camping so I’m wondering if these are worth it. I don’t think I’d be using it for sleeping at any point, just hanging out. So I don’t mean a tent hammock.",Is a camping hammock worth it?,1,False,NaturalClone
camping,,Whats your top five camping gear need to haves.,1,False,2manyweaselz
camping,,Photos from our 5 day trip in the BWCA from last week.,5,False,gofarther0787
camping,[deleted],Photos from our 5 day trip in the BWCA last week.,1,False,[deleted]
camping,A lot of the stuff on amazon has bad reviews because it is low quality.,What camping cookware set would you recommend for cooking over a campfire?,1,False,destructor_rph
camping,"Found this in with some family photos and and notes that my mother had saved over the years, she had cut it out, probably from a magazine I would guess.
Survival Training.
When I married 30 years ago, I was a camping enthusiast.  My bride had reservations about a camping honeymoon, but I painted a glorious picture of sitting close together in front of a campfire, or looking out over spectacular scenery.
There were a few mishaps.  For instance, she accidentally inserted the tent's center pole through the canvas; it rained that night.  The outboard motor gave up the ghost, and so did the fish in the lake.  Two flat tires enriched the journey home.  When I apologized for the discomforts, she passed it off cheerfully.  ""I know there will be some hard times in the future,"" she said.  ""But I've lived through a week with a nut in a leaky tent, and I'm ready for any natural disaster.""",Camping story from the past.,2,False,barn9
camping,,Deep in the Canadian Rockies (July 2020),9,False,Zombery
camping,,"Anyone else find a pocket bellows to be a great addition to their pack? My friend brought one along on our last camping trip, and it was quite handy!",5,False,SnapshotWill
camping,Drag the rod towards you rather than pushing the steel away from you,Best use of a Ferrite rod,1,False,CC0CCO
camping,"Me and my girlfriend want to go camping this weekend because of the holiday on monday, but so many things are closed because of the government shutdown. Does anyone have any recommendations for camping spots that are open?",Camping in California,1,False,MisterWhisler_
camping,The office is currently closed. Am I still allowed to do some backpacking in the state park next week?,"Winter camping in Green Ridge State Forest, Maryland?",1,False,BamSlum
camping,"Any recommendations for places to go dispersed camping or hiking or backpacking? There is some BLM land in Anzaborrego that is still open. 

Some of the longer mountain routes seem a bit long for a day trip and driving home. My girlfriend and I have a long weekend and are hoping to get outside and away from the city for a few days.",SoCal camping/hiking/backpacking,1,False,climbingTaco
camping,,"BC, Canada",4,False,sunny2311
camping,[removed],$5 for your opinion! At what age did you get your first cellphone? Help us with our study! ( PayPal / Amazon Gift Card ),1,False,belanc27
camping,,"Sespe Wilderness, California- June, 2020- first solo backcountry camping trip",1,False,PTeroBushcraft
camping,,5 Winter Camping Tips,1,False,joancrutchfields74
camping,,"How to overcome my fear? I travelled from São Paulo to Manaus (Brazil) only to enter the Amazon rainforest but now I'm in front of it I can't enter it, I'm afraid, I don't know what can happen. My instincts are obliging me to return to the comfortable civilization.",1,False,rhinoceroshorn1
camping,,Wallpaper,1,False,RealisticEye8988
camping,,"A wild camp in Scotland, UK I did before lockdown. Longing to get back up there again!",1,False,TorenHeel
camping,,"As promised: The new hard shell roof tent from ventura. Coming to the market from Feb 2021, the price is amazing! log onto venturas Web site to put your deposit down and if you tell them landrover Jay recommended you - the price will shock you (there will be a limited number sold at an introductory",1,False,BikerJayC
camping,,レーザーポインター ペン型300mwレーザーポインター 赤光 紫光レーザー光線,1,False,No_Farm7355
camping,"With such a wide spectrum of backpackers in this group, I'm curious as to what people prefer as their cook set. Are you an ultralight alcohol fuel stove kinda trekker, or do you prefer the luxury of a larger kitchen?

I've been using the GSI Pinnacle Soloist for four years now... here is my gear review based on using it for day hikes, overnighters, week long treks and kayak adventures.

https://youtu.be/VueoAm-4OzI",Preferred cook set?,1,False,B52WithAView
camping,,Good morning from Massachusetts!,1,False,XYYPLb4
camping,My brothers family and I are going to go to St. Mary’s Retreat Feb 19-22. Cannot wait to set up EVERYTHING I own for camping. Pics to come soon. I’m so friggin excited.,Can’t Wait,1,False,dezmond737
camping,"I'm going car camping next month, have an inflatable mattress, super comfy but I was chilly in November in the 30's. Likely the same temp next month. 

My bag is rated to 40 degrees and I put a liner

I was considering a walmart blue CCF mat on top of my mattress - super cheap @ $9 but not sure just how much they help. I've read they have an R value of almost 2, I'm curious how much that helps. 

Any experience with that kind of setup anybody?

Thanks",R-value of 2 - how much does that help?,1,False,nyrsimon
camping,Where can I go to? Seems the forests are closed.,Socal camping spots?,1,False,th3_alt3rnativ3
camping,"Thinking about doing a night next week and would like some advice on must haves, or tricks anyone might know from experience.",Tips for winter camping!,1,False,breastedboobily
camping,,Reflecting in the Texas cold...,1,False,Barefoot_Adventurer
camping,,"My review of the campground at Gulf State Park in Gulf Shores, Alabama!",1,False,pradosml
camping,,Campfire Breakfast,1,False,HeinosBBQ
camping,,"Hehe, so true...",1,False,gwwjw
camping,,"Star Lake, Tahoe Rim Trail, August 2020",4,False,TychoSean
camping,"I got a 40L pack and my single-person tent is defaulted to being strapped to outside my pack, either on the top or bottom. Is it wise to compress or fold the tent body and rainfly to put inside the pack?",Packing tent in backpack: Compress or Fold?,1,False,Routine_Tome
camping,"Hey all! My questions are about mattresses, particularly cold(ish) weather mattresses since I'm going camping in about a month and it's likely to drop into the 30s while I'm there.

 \- Question 1: If I combine two R-2 pads, will it really make an R-4 pad (or is that an internet lie)? 

 \- Question 2: I'd like to bring my air mattress along for comfort. If I do, should I put the foam mattress *under* the air mattress, or *over/on top of* the air mattress for insulation?

TIA everyone - I really appreciate it!",Cold Weather Question,2,False,thebroctorisin
camping,"Planning a trip out there this coming weekend. I know inside the park is closed for camping. Looking for a spot to set up for one night. I figure I’ll locate some BLM plot and set up there, but I was curious if any recommendations would come through by asking. 

Thank you in advanced.","Those of you who have been to Joshua Tree recently, where have you spent the night?",1,False,hamster_ball
camping,,First time camping since I was a kid... I didn’t realize how much I needed this.,4,False,BenRealVsWorld
camping,"Getting prepped for an extended Moab trip. Bought a Firebox Gen 2, 5"" and a Trangia spirit burner. What do you guys recommend?",What fuel for Trangia?,1,False,Al_Kydah
camping,,More than a decent place for some warming drinks. ☕️,7,False,tim-othy-
camping,,Modified this $20Fireman’s hatchet into a Bushcraft-ish axe lol. Let me know what you think.,4,False,AdventuresWSpackmann
camping,,Annual Boundary Waters trip led to a hopefully non annual hammock failure. Got to set up the Camp ENO bivy to finish off the trip!,1,False,BuildBreakRpt
camping,[deleted],Annual Boundary Waters trip led to what is hopefully a non annual hammock failure. Got to setup the Camp ENO bivy for the rest of the trip!,1,False,[deleted]
camping,"I have begun to plan for a small camping trip and was hoping to get some inspiration for the food. One of the best meals I’ve had was camping at Joshua Tree for a uni trip, and the supervisor made a deep dish zucchini lasagna. We cut up the zucchini (with other ingredients) and put into the deep dish then we put it under coals and fire to cook it (didn’t need a stove or nada). And for dessert we had bananas that we stuffed with PB, chocolate, and marshmallows and wrapped the stuffed banana with foil then put it with the coals (similar to the deep dish). Any fun creative cooking meals like this?",What’s the best camping meal you’ve made/had on a trip?,2,False,Uncomfortable_irl
camping,,Is this how you start camping/hiking?,2,False,maninavan97
camping,,The beautiful Czech bohemian forests,1,False,Dynamitestnt
camping,,[crabbing and camping ] Oregon coast,1,False,sassysalinas
camping,,An amazing View from Big Bend National Park last summer,2,False,The_BlueDog50
camping,My buddy and I had a fun time hiking up this mountain to this beautiful view,An amazing view from Big Bend National Park,1,False,The_BlueDog50
camping,"Hi all,

I got a MSR Pocket Rocket Deluxe for Christmas, and I’m looking for ways to utilize this gas stove. It seems like it’s mainly geared towards backpackers trying to make MRE’s but I’d like to use this for something like a skottle or cast pan to cook some premo meals. With the output of the MSR being 11k BTU’s and the Tembo Tusk supplied burner (I think by Coleman) being 10k BTU’s, I don’t really see the problem, but it doesn’t seem to be marketed in that fashion. 

Any help is appreciated. Thanks!",MSR Pocket Rocket Deluxe Stove Uses,1,False,mcd_sweet_tea
camping,,Trail Ahead,1,False,SnapshotWill
camping,,Snow in Louisiana! Enjoying every moment of it.,1,False,No-Cauliflower-5656
camping,,Kayaked 5 miles in the ocean to camp on this island. Also this was my first time going to the ocean.,1,False,mellowman4207
camping,,Flourless Pancakes – 3 Ingredients,1,False,eattoheal
camping,,On the road to Birdsville with the camping table on the back,1,False,clubkauri
camping,,"Camping on the bank of the Diamantina 'river' in Bordsville, Australia. 29 December",1,False,clubkauri
camping,"I'm looking to go camping with my girlfriend. We have a 4x4 &amp; offroad. We're in socal &amp; want to see something else. We're fine dispersed camping &amp; prefer secluded areas. 

Anywhere I can go that has forest, a lake &amp; a view?

Tried looking at Yosemite area, but surrounding forests have closed a lot of roads to go to dispersed areas for camping (Stanislaus National Forest). I. E. MVUM shows I can only be there 4/15 to 12/15

Tried Tahoe National Forest but it has a similar road restrictions fro. 4/1 to 12/1.

Lastly, can I cross state lines? Lol. Arizona seems more chill.",Where to go now? Lol.,1,False,th3_alt3rnativ3
camping,,Enjoying much in Camp,1,False,CampNorthStarMaineME
camping,"With the onslaught of this virus alot of us have taken to trekking and camping keeping in mind the social distancing aspect of this hobby. While there are alot of blogs amd videos on various trekking and camping spots most of the information is out dated and sparse. This led me to the idea of making a discord server for hiking, camping and perhaps travelling in general for our diverse country. Would like to know how many would be interested before putting in the work to make a server.","A discord server for trekking, camping, hiking etc in India",1,False,Thunderboi20
camping,,Vatnajökull glacier in Island,1,False,djfoerster
camping,,Key4ce - IT Professionals,1,False,mistysternnom
camping," Hi everyone, I'm in the market for a portable/lightweight power supply that can output 300W. I need it to have a capacity of at least 1000 watt-hours, but my understanding is that stations that can do this are very expensive and run at least 600-700 dollars, usually 1000 dollars.

I was wondering.. could I get a 300W portable power station (like the Renogy Phoenix or Rockpals) and add extra batteries myself? I'm also not opposed to building the entire thing myself, but it would have to be portable/lightweight, and I'm not sure that's possible. My budget is ideally $300, and at the absolute maximum $500.

Any advice would be appreciated, thanks :)",Portable power supply advice and recommendations,1,False,pegasusnine
camping,"On the fence between getting a Teardrop camper or going with camping trailer with RTT.  I see PROs and CONs of each.  Teardrop camping scores high on the convenience scale while I see going with RTT closer to traditional tent camping experience. Both are still full of conveniences and a win either way. 

Really curious why you went one way or the other and if you later wished you had picked differently. Thanks",Teardrop camper vs camping trailer with RTT,2,False,jtw2001
camping,"I'm in Santa Cruz and looking for a little getaway alone. I've never camped alone but I know I can do it, and I'm looking more into dispersed camping, not campgrounds, because I know they're not open now. And you also don't have to pay lol. I have a Prius so I can't do any intense driving or off-roading and I don't want to drive in snow, so mostly thinking of going south for warmer weather. My one idea is Joshua Tree but I feel like a lot of people are going there these days. I could potentially bring my surf board if it's worth it but that depends on the ideas! I also don't have to stay in California, I'm just hoping for a place with no snow but want to adventure!! 

Also if there's any must-have gear lemme know! Especially since I'd be going alone (and a woman) :)",Ideas for week-long solo camping trip in California? (25f),2,False,anothersneakykiki
camping,,A very soft camp spot at Magheroarty Beach in County Donegal in Ireland,4,False,DonegalOverlanding
camping,"Having problems using recreation.gov. For e.g. see https://www.recreation.gov/camping/campgrounds/233116/availability and go out 6 months to july 10th 2021. On some sites it says ""available if reservation is before _____"", what does this mean and how can I hope to reserve something?",How do you guys reserve popular spots?,1,False,greatvgnc1
camping,,Old meets new for coffee while camping in the Sam Houston National Forest this past weekend. Absolutely gorgeous (and cold) morning.,4,False,DragonsAndLongTones
camping,,Glamping and taco night on the West Coast in our Suburban Overland Rig,5,False,HorizonOverland
camping,,Steak time!,8,False,Coyote_2269
camping,,"QUESTION HELP. So I bought an air mattress to place in my tent and realized after I opened it that it uses an electrical plug. On the tag it says 120v, is there any way I can get this plugged into my trucks lighter port with some kind of adapter or piece?",4,False,NYState_OfMind_
camping,[deleted],"August 2020. Bald Eagle State Forest, PA",1,False,[deleted]
camping,[deleted],"August 2020. Bald Eagle State Forest, PA",1,False,[deleted]
camping,,A Short Video From Golden Horn Outdoor Knives,1,False,GoldenHornOutdoor
camping,"As the title says, we’re looking to upgrade a lot of our camping equipment including our cooler. 

We’re looking into Yeti Cooler 35. Seems solid, great features, durable, cherry on top; cool colors. 

But, what else can we look at that comparable? And if you have a Yeti, is it worth it?

We’re more than fine putting out this type of money for a quality cooler, something that will withstand the test of time. As long as it will withstand the test of time. 


TIA",Recommendations upgrading the cooler.,2,False,AlexNic26
camping,,Top of the world,6,False,Jeepingwithjennnjohn
camping,,"The view this morning, standing on the End of the World, was unreal.",4,False,milkgang777
camping,I love hiking alone and I normally go on 8-12 miles hikes on days off. I have gone camping a few times less than five times. I want to try camping alone as a female. I would camp in my car as it would be my first time alone and pick up seems easier. I’d camp at a state parks with showers and toilets and the trip would be 2 days 1 night. Is this a good idea for a first time solo camper who is looking for more experience?,I want to try camping solo female but I’m an inexperienced camper,2,False,brendaz27
camping,,Burning a marshmallow,4,False,DragonFruitBlue4242
camping,,Who else loves a good winter camping trip?,8,False,TheOrionWolf
camping,,January night in a wind shelter with the dog.,1,False,salvadormenendez
camping,"Looking to rent a smaller rv to take a road trip to the UP of Michigan in the summer with a couple buddies and my dog. Any hidden gems that you won’t be right next to someone? Not afraid to go all the way up to copper harbor. Just looking for some nice views, brews, and some fishing!",Quite place to rv in the UP,2,False,booman2694
camping,"I am new to Georgia, and my tent attaches onto the top of my car. What are primitive camp sites that allow me to bring my car into the physical campsite?",Primitive camping in Georgia that allows me to bring my car into the camp site?,1,False,SpaceKKadet3000
camping,,Palisades State Park in South Dakota last night,7,False,Lumberman08
camping,,Winter camping in Canada on the shore of Lake Superior,8,False,eBikePhotographer
camping,,"Mindblowing view from my camp of the Eagle Nebula, Swan Nebula, and Milky Way over Mt. Shasta [OC]",12,False,dheera
camping,,Fire underneath the parachute. Ararat Vinyards NC.,4,False,daddymatty1025
camping,,More parachute camp pics.,7,False,daddymatty1025
camping,,Built a roof top tent for my forester !,6,False,eemaker
camping,,"Since everyone liked the parachute camping pic so much, I thought I'd add some more.",10,False,daddymatty1025
camping,,"Since everyone liked the parachute camping pic so much, I thought I'd add some more.",5,False,daddymatty1025
camping,,Camping in below 0c (Sweden),5,False,Jimbola81
camping,,"Palo Duro Canyon State Park in Canyon, Texas",6,False,fruttypebbles
camping,[deleted],"Greetings from Texas, it never snows here!",1,False,[deleted]
camping,Is it a terrible idea to take a 20 degree bag into the 0-10 range and count on warm layers of clothing to make up the extra insulation? How miserable will I be?,using sleeping bags below their rating,0,False,ianalexflint
camping,,RooftopTent Camping near Grand Canyon National Park (free dispersed camping),4,False,Inspection__Complex
camping,,"Greetings from Texas, never snows here!",4,False,Turtles4life101
camping,"Specifically the REI Base Camp 6 vs Sierra Designs Nomad 6 for a family of 4. 

Anyone have experience with both?",Comparing 6 person tents,1,False,FrankAba6naLeJR
camping,,Subscribe to me to see even more content 😘 https://onlyfans.com/hawtmama00,0,False,Hotmama00
camping,So for anyone that has the Coleman prairie breeze tent with ceiling fan/light system.  I know it runs off the cpx 6 battery pack rechargeable which is junk but can anyone tell me when the max voltage is on the fan/light? I want to make a replacement pack with my 3dv printer that will use 18650 li-ion batteries but just 2 of those together output 7.4V. would this kill the fan/light and/or the switch for it?,Coleman cpx 6 replacement,1,False,Tekman123
camping,,"August 2020. Bald Eagle State Forest, PA",1,False,Gin-Smiley01
camping,"I'm needing more lighting in my tent, does anyone have a solution for running any sort of string light around the inside of a tent? It's canvas so I was thinking maybe some velcro would hold up the lights? Can't use a safety pin or anything, any help would be appreciated!",Creative Solution,1,False,YoungAnimater35
camping,,Backyard camping!,1,False,daddymatty1025
camping,,"Only came for a night, stayed for 4...",1,False,LolaWithMe
camping,,BCF Mossy Oak Survival Kit 2021 - Review,1,False,TheDeepPlanet
camping,Had a great time biking through the Karangahake Gorge.,Karangahahe Gorge bike camping. Bit of an NZ trip for the end of 2020 in heavy rain.,1,False,Curious_Machete
camping,,First backpacking trip in RMNP feels great to get away. (Summer trip),1,False,outdoor-jdog23
camping,,Loco puppy,1,False,locoTim_66
camping,Long story short I currently only have one of those cheapo roll up foam ones that don’t really do anything. Can anyone recommend any better ones that are more comfortable?,Camping pad suggestions?,1,False,Notme2047
camping,,"Glen Head Signal Tower, Ireland. Normally inaccessible in a 4x4. Access possible in the drought of 2018. These early-19th-century Napoleonic towers were part of an 81 towers communication system constructed, furnished, and staffed between 1804 and 1006 to defend Ireland against French invasion.",1,False,DonegalOverlanding
camping,,"When you can’t get out camping, camp in your backyard ⛺️ 🔥",1,False,tattooedyeti1
camping,,If I can’t get out sometimes I like to have a campfire in my backyard 🔥,1,False,tattooedyeti1
camping,,"What is the most beautiful of this charming desert, it is the desert of Egypt, where calm, safety, psychological comfort and adventures are the most beautiful trip in the world, you will make it, you will feel that you are in another planet",1,False,hesamzy
camping,,"Trying out the new hot tent and stove in the back yard, and it’s even snowing!",1,False,Tornshadow
camping,,"Regarding camping alone in the winter, yes.",2,False,trashtrucktoot
camping,,Winter Camping ALONE. Anyone else camp like this?,6,False,gammonjoshua
camping,,wish I was out camping out in Utah...Doing some art inspired by the national parks. This time it's Arches! what's your favorite sun/moon color? Enjoy and thank you.,4,False,BronsonLockwood
camping,,Is this camp griddle too far gone or can it be refurbished?,2,False,Tap004
camping,Would like to know just in case I get a leaky tent.,What is a good tent seam sealer?,1,False,mouseno4
camping,"Hey guys! I've recently decided to try out camping after wanted to since i was a kid but never got the chance to. I'm coming upto my mid 20s and want to start doing more like hiking and camping, nature stuff. I love the idea and i always tend to sit in the garden for long hours, stargazing and practice breathing exercises and other stuff. I live in london so i can't go anywhere really local, i think. I like the idea of traveling up to scotland and visiting some places up there. If anyone has any information or tips before i make the travel, i'd love to hear them.  Thanks guys &lt;3","Beginner, Any Tips?",2,False,LKGaming
camping,"Hey everybody,

I am looking to do a several week road trip through Colorado and Utah now that I am self employed and have freedom over my schedule.

I am a bit of a noob camper, but I would really like to do a lot of car camping in Utah and Colorado after having been stuck in my house for the past year. 

Utah especially seems to be a camping utopia, but there's almost too many spots that come up wherever I search. I'm not sure how to discern which places are actually worthwhile, especially for a bit of a novice camper.

What are your favorite campgrounds to go to in UT and CO? I'll be renting a decent sized car and for parts of the trip I'll have a group of 4 or 6 or so, but I'll also be alone for most of the trip.

Any advice is appreciated. Thanks!",Best campsites in Utah or Colorado?,1,False,l0ngstorySHIRT
camping,,"Highlands Backpacking Trail, Algonquin Park, ON.",4,False,jbots91
camping,,Camping for a research trip and had the stars in my tent. Any advice on how to keep this from happening???,1,False,_GhostlyMe_
camping,"Does anyone know of an area that’s open for camping near San Diego? Right now it seems like everything is either closed because of the state park shut downs (due to COVID-19), or the fire ban. We don’t have a 4x4 so we are limited to short hikes into the area or car accessible.",Camping in SoCal,2,False,Jparcher1
camping,Im currently enrolled in college and all my courses are online so I'm trying to find a way to use my laptop to attend class while camping/fishing. As far as power goes im covered I just need a way to get internet. Im on a family plan for my phone with minimal data so thats not an option. I found rentable unlimited mifi devices too which look good for extended trips. What i really want is like reloadable data only sim cards so I can prepay for a couple gigs of data and use a dongle to connect my laptop up. I looked around without finding anything good. Does anyone know of anything like that or any other options I could use? Im in the US and dont plan on going too remote mostly near highways,Doing classes while camping,1,False,greenplausible
camping,,"First hike and bonfire coffee of the year. Viken, Norway",3,False,creative_userid
camping,[deleted],"First hike and bonfire coffee of the year. Viken, Norway",2,False,[deleted]
camping,,"Don’t push yourself too hard! Cranberry Wilderness, West Virginia.",5,False,AdmiralMoonshine
camping,,Ready for the warmer weather,1,False,gamecock29063
camping,,Lakes Like Mirrors - ONF,1,False,SnapshotWill
camping,,Why do people put a circle of rocks around a campfire? What does it do?,1,False,tallowcatch01
camping,"Firstly, I hope this is the right sub for all your sakes. No one wants a newbie coming round here asking dumb questions.

In brief, I’m looking to do a road trip in Scotland and was wondering if it’s as simple as just driving there, take a couple of sleeping bags and doing your thing? I mean is prior research required or just wing it?

If anyone has done this before and has any tips it would be appreciated!",Advice: ‘Route 66’ of Scotland,1,False,RoymondRoy
camping,,"Watchman in Zion for New Years, Goosecreek south of Arches boundary on the Colorado, Mathers at the Grand Canyon, Daytrip to Bryce. All clean, well maintained grounds. Arches campgrounds were closed til March.",1,False,S_Hog
camping,,"Got to see this bad boy today. Cecil Webb camp grounds, Florida",1,False,AshleyTheGuy
camping,,Throwback to having to sleep in a parking lot through my road trip... still enjoyed breakfast!,1,False,LiftingNurse
camping,"It's the middle of summer here in Australia, and where I'm camping next week may reach 47C or 116F. I'm looking for some specific tips, ideas or products other than ""seek shade"", ""go swimming"" etc. Cheers.",Tips on keeping cool,1,False,Tomfissh
camping,"This is how we spent our reading week in Bruce Peninsula National Park, Toronto, and Niagara Falls and our recommendations out the best places to visit and camp in Ontario. I give you recommendations of activities you can do in Niagara falls, places to eat, and more! Subscribe and leave a comment below if you have been to any of these places!","HOW TO TRAVEL ONTARIO Niagara Falls, Bruce Peninsula National Park, Toronto",1,False,Anxious_Yesterday_80
camping,,not often you get snow at Big Bend National Park (TX),1,False,acmills237
camping,,"LAKE LOUISE Travel Guide, Top Things To Do, WHAT TO SEE",1,False,Anxious_Yesterday_80
camping,Besides the obvious *must have* things like fire starter etc.,What is your most important non-essential item in your camping kit?,1,False,mouseno4
camping,,Beautiful camping spot in the Blue Ridge Mountains. ⛰,3,False,thesoundsosilence69
camping,,"Over Christmas, we camped out in Ozark National Forest, about an hour from Huntsville, AR.",3,False,LunasNature
camping,,"Southern Lakes region, South Island, New Zealand. 10 days with 2 other families. Epic start to the new year!",1,False,nick3825
camping,"Not after advice, just curious what everyone purchased for your very first camping trip without your parents to supply everything. 

Not including food, water etc.",First camping trip - how much did you spend on camping equipment?,1,False,mouseno4
camping,,Want to take the family camping in the redwoods this summer. Who has a recommendation for a good spot? Will be staying for 2 nights.,1,False,FoxtheDawg
camping,"Hi all! I plan on going camping sometime in the near future but the thing is I've never gone and I don't have any of the gear I might need. For personal reasons, I'm trying to avoid big retailers like Amazon, Walmart, Dicks, etc. Is there any good website or whatever to find cheap or even second-hand gear? Also are there any good checklists out there of the stuff you need for camping. Thanks :)",Finding cheap gear (first time camping),1,False,moppeyhead
camping,,My last camp with friends in a trip car beetle,3,False,joel_medeiros
camping,,Stephen F Austin Orion's Belt,4,False,gwwjw
camping,,"My SO took me camping for the first time, in sub-freezing temperatures. A fun, memorable trip (despite the very cold, sleepless night lol)! Enchanted Rock State Park, TX",6,False,annaies
camping,,"Even in full lockdown in Glasgow, Scotland, it's always good to practice to get warm. -6degC, wet wood, basic fire starting kit. Always good to get used to being able to get a good fire in prep for actual camping",3,False,mysociallifes
camping,,Most Comfortable Tennis Shoes for Women: Expert&amp;#039;s Top 10 Picks,1,False,antonettaoldma
camping,,Found really close to one of my normal camping spots with bits of the wood all around it. Bear?,2,False,abspencer22
camping,"I've only been camping twice and both times were with an experienced camper. I absolutely love the experiencing of camping (and being in nature in general) but am too scared to go out and do it on my own. So scared, in fact, that it's been \~5-6 years since I last did it. 

I wasn't raised by a family of campers. I wasn't raised in a place that had abundant camping spots or nature to explore. 

I now live in a different place that has so many good spots it's insane. I've been living here almost 5 years now and really, really want to finally try camping. It doesn't even need to be super minimalistic like I see some of you do (which looks awesome btw). I just want to know some basics, some tips. Things to bring, what to look for, etc. 

I understand that much of camping is learning from mistakes. But I know there have to be some basics out there. 

Many thanks in advance to those who provide tips. I can't wait to finally do this!

PS - I do hike often so I am at least accustomed to being outdoors. I already own a tent and portable shower.",Tips/Advice for a Novice Camper?,1,False,GoingSom3where
camping,,Second time winter camping was a blast!!,2,False,kieranbrownlee
camping,"I an going to have to go to Greeley CO in late March, and since it is the only time off I am going to get for a while, I’d really like to make it fun and do some camping and hiking on the way out there. I am starting from Oregon so I will mostly be on the I-84 and the I-80, so I am hoping to find somewhere that isn’t too far out of the way off one of those highways. Right now, I am leaning towards the Utah side of Dinosaur National Monument, but I have no idea if the weather at that time of year will be suitable for hiking and camping. I am not equipped for more than a little snow. If you have been to Dinosaur in early spring, I would love to hear about you experience, and if you have other ideas of places I could go, I would really appreciate it!",March trip along the I-84/I-80,1,False,ridiculouspompadour
camping,,Over night in the Swiss Alpes,3,False,Quillox
camping,,"Nothing fancy, but we tried making insulated car window blackout curtains. We were camping out in Arkansas over Christmas (15 degrees), and wanted something to help keep us a bit warmer in our '03 Highlander.",1,False,LunasNature
camping,"So much [food that's good for camping](https://www.reddit.com/r/socalhiking/comments/kt3qrl/the_holy_trinity/), is also way too salty and too low in fiber. If you're camping more than a single night, how do you not get backed up?","ASKING THE REAL QUESTIONS: How does camping not make you constipated, bloated, and inflamed? I NEED TO POOP",1,False,forcedguy
camping,,Did a little hike in/hike out at Shenandoah National Park on a nice loop that hit part of the AT; highly recommend you head to this park when you can!,1,False,sternerg
camping,Looking to make a chuck box for my wife for our camping trips any ideas? Pics?,Camping chuck box ideas,1,False,PBR_bacon
camping,,"Took a trip to Uwharrie, NC last weekend! Poured rain both nights but cleared up during the daytime! Was super eerie but relaxing!",3,False,KuhlLiving
camping,"I bought my first ferro rod. It comes with a scraper that's too dull to do anything. But when I briefly scratch the rod with the serrated section of my Gerber, I get sparks. For local camping, I can just sport my Gerber knife. I'd like to carry the firestarter as an emergency backup on my keychain, but I don't want to introduce any pocket items that are banned for commercial flying.

I obviously can't carry my Gerber in this post-9/11 world. Is there some other item that is sharp enough to reliably use with camping firestarters, but also safe enough to meet TSA regulations?

An orange flame BIC style lighter can at least be carried in checked luggage. But I'm also leaning towards more reusable, environmentally friendlier, less plastic products lately. That's why I'm keen to get into ferro rods.",Item sharp enough to use a firestarter but safe enough for TSA?,1,False,mcandre
camping,,The Best RV Camping January 2021,1,False,Frequent_Reaction_30
camping,,"ice dip while camping on NYE, anyone else rinse off the 2020 with a cold splash?",3,False,f4te
camping,,"Moose walking through campground. Redfeather, CO",3,False,notsotigerwoods18
camping,,First time camping at Enchanted Rock!,2,False,savetheturtles2
camping,,YouTube Tour Of A Suburban Camper Conversion,1,False,HorizonOverland
camping,"Hello Guys, Am planning to go caming in MP and mainly near Pachmarhi Area. As I have already seen the snow and there are lot of people already there so thought of going into the greens this time.

So people over here if have or planning to do camping, please help me with my plan if going there is worth it!!
Thank you in advance.","How's Camping near Pachmarhi, MP",1,False,just_a_tallguy
camping,,i am this old,1,False,noa_fn_
camping,"We are a couple looking to rent a van style camper and stay in the Florida keys. 

We have one small dog and love fishing. 

Not opposed to staying on a designated rv/camper site, just unsure what works for us. 

Any info and recommendations are appreciated. Thanks",Seeking Florida keys recommendations,1,False,throwawayawayawaymm
camping,"Hi folks!

I'm heading out to Temagami for the first time this summer, the 2nd and 3rd weeks of August. Planning 10 nights doing a loop that leaves from Camp Wanapieti, over to Diamond, down through Obabika and back through Lake Temagami. Planning on taking it slow, doing the hikes at Chee-skon and looking for pictographs. 

I'm looking for any advice or experience you might have in this area, especially when it comes to booking a permit. I know you can only book a permit 2 wks ahead of your entry date, but do you have to tell them where you'll be each night? I imagine this loop is incredibly popular, do you think I'll have trouble finding a decent site? Lake Temagami is huge - do cottage powerboats tend to slow down around canoes or is it in my best interest to avoid them? (I did a large swath of the French last year and the cottage boats there were ruthless around canoes!)

Thanks folks - happy planning season!",Temagami advice?,1,False,rocksandtreesandyarn
camping,,Can't beat a nap in the woods!,1,False,Barefoot_Adventurer
camping,,Campground Sunbathing,1,False,SnapshotWill
camping,,The first guy to ever go camping - a Ryan George sketch,1,False,EgweneSedai
camping,,Gotta love a nice campfire...or two!,1,False,RemlikDahc
camping,,The view inside my hot tent on my last overnighter,1,False,_maeister
camping,,call me +1 (267) 230-6431,1,False,catchingthesevibes
camping,,BWCA is where my hearts at. Protect it. Please.,1,False,shanekie
camping,"Travel across America

I’m a 20 year old guy, from Florida but staying in California at the moment. I’m looking to start a journey across America. I was wondering if anyone else is looking to the same but maybe too scared to go alone. I’m a friendly person, adventurous, and determined to do this long term. Open to different ways although I don’t have a lot of money and no car. I can fly anywhere to start in the US and would preferably like to camp out and walk but open to suggestions. Message me if you’re interested at all.",Walk across America,1,False,Obligation_Informal
camping,"Hi mid 20s male wondering if it is safe to go camping during the pandemic?  Was thinking of taking my car to a state park in TX and sleeping in a tent, but worried about catching COVID-19 in the campground/specifically using the restroom.",Is it safe to go camping?,1,False,123qmc
camping,,Down the Barron River,4,False,tyurtddr
camping,[removed],レーザーポインター 強力 Amazon レーザーポインター 赤 目,1,False,No_Farm7355
camping,,camping @ big horn. IG: jessixa_ann,3,False,JayAnne1111
camping,[deleted],camping @ big horn. IG: jessixa_ann,1,False,[deleted]
camping,,Gold Head Branch State Park,4,False,Al_Kydah
camping,I’m not sure but is anyone camping in CA? I believe some of the forest are closed. Does anyone know any solid places near SoCal,Californi camping,0,False,gh03
camping,,Panamint Springs Resort just outside of Death Valley. Breathtaking views.,4,False,robertplantslemon
camping,,"Me and my best friend just chilling in the hammock. Betswy-co-ed, Wales (pre lockdown)",7,False,wintexupvc
camping,,Relaxing,1,False,moooonmaster
camping,"So, it was late in November month I think, it was about 0 deg Celcius and there were strong winds. It was so shocking to me how cold it was, and my wool cap nearly flew off in the winds, partly because of how my old woolen cap had loosened over the years, no longer sitting tightly around my head.

So.. I ordered this new headwear with fake fur around the top and basically around the face. :) It should be a lot warmer than my old woolen cap, especially around the ears.

Next up, I should probably buy some mittens, because I have no warm gloves that are decent below 0 deg C. :( One can buy wool liners, but ofc, those has to fit inside your gloves or whatever. Too bad my old wool liners for hands has started to come undone in the seams on the fingers, have to consider buying some new stuff.","I had to buy new headwear, I hadn't realized the stuff I had was not good enough.",1,False,HumbrolUser
camping,,She enjoys the campfire,8,False,argothecat
camping,,Lunch Using The GrandPa's FireFork,3,False,MadAboutYee
camping,[deleted],What's your favorite 2-person tent?,2,False,[deleted]
camping,,The views that keep on giving,7,False,NuclearTurkey
camping,,Urban winter stealth camping behind factory in hammock,1,False,C1garette
camping,,"Night view a few steps away from my campsite at Joshua Tree National Park, California, USA",4,False,dheera
camping,,I drew the campfire! Located near the Buffalo River in Arkansas.,7,False,MrTibblles
camping,Hope the mods approve.  You might find this funny:  https://youtu.be/eYa46Ap49Kk,Reminds me of how most of friends and wife feel about camping.,3,False,BuckyDog
camping,,Waiting on that second cup seems like forever lol,1,False,AdventuresWSpackmann
camping,[removed],VISIT USA with a Travel Gift Card at 0,1,False,lary-smith
camping,,3 days camping down Indian Arm near Vancouver! One of the most beautiful places I have ever been - we left the phones behind and brought the Super8mm camera along for a fun adventure,1,False,backcountryfilmmaker
camping,,Big Bend National Park,3,False,SimpleSeahorse
camping,,warms the soul,1,False,warmlyengineer
camping,,How to Enjoy a Winter Camping Trip,1,False,LoganMorganqc
camping,,Can anyone identify the name of this style of caravan? Would like to buy one but don't know what to search!,1,False,Ok_Jackfruit_1394
camping,,Types Of Chainsaws - Tool Gears,1,False,toolgears
camping,"I've been looking to purchase a survival knife for an upcoming trip out east. I'm looking for something that will be able to perform  well at a lot of different tasks as well as be used to defend myself from wildlife or (more likely) unsavory humans. As such I would like a larger blade (5-8 inches). The lighter the knife the better. I've been looking at a [Ka-bar Dog's Head Utility Knife](https://www.kabar.com/products/product.jsp?item=1317), but would love to hear what y'all use and recommend, thanks!",Good survival knife,1,False,andreusmagnus
camping,,Get Iphone 11 pro sign up and claim your entry now,1,False,shjsksksfndlslsgsh
camping,,Epic Spit Venison | Wet and Cold Wild Camp | Bushcraft Cooking,1,False,TheBushApe
camping,,Wolds way north yorkshire walk,1,False,yorkshirepublican
camping,,"Couple more pics from our New Years trip on the Murray River. Regional Victoria, Australia. So serene that all your troubles go away",1,False,tr1kalara
camping,,Seoul City in South Korea Tour in 4K BlueMoon Universe,1,False,ai_basics
camping,,Today I Made This Illustration rate please Thought you guys might like this design i made today,2,False,tikigi4136
camping,"I am looking to buy some land near a national park to rent out to people who have RVs. I am someone who has never ever camped, and has always stayed in hotels when visiting these parks. I want to invest in the bare minimum at this point in time, and then eventually build a house to rent it out on AirBnB. For now, I was thinking of renting the land through Hipcamp and making it clear that there are no toilet facilities available, that the RV would need to come equipped with toilets, and that no dumping is allowed. Apart from the land being close to the national park, there would literally be no other amenities offered. Is there anyone in the RV community that would even go for something like this? How much per night could I charge? The national park in question is Sequoia &amp; Kings Canyon National Park.",What do people using RVs booking through Hipcamp desire?,1,False,Succulent_Rain
camping,,"Dolly Sods West Virginia, Best Camping On the East Coast",2,False,EdibleViruses
camping,"First of all thanks to everyone who commented with tips you all really helped and a lot of what you told me came in so handy!! 




Just wanted to update because I and a lot of the comments where worried it would be so hot that it would be dangerous .... I just wanted to say it was the complete opposite !! It rained and rained so bad the first night that our whole tent flooded and we had to throw tarp over the top of our tent to stop it !! We had to give up camping and book a hotel the next night because we were soaked to the bone and freezing cold !! Then we headed to Little Desert which was hotter and didnt rain but again absolutely freezing! I didn’t get a wink of sleep I was shivering all night 🤣🤣 


So yeah just an update and thanks again to whoever commented bringing a tarp sheet with us really came in handy 🤣",I posted here a while ago about tips for camping down great ocean road in Melbourne and wanted to update!,1,False,T-rex-x
camping,"First of all thanks to everyone who commented with tips you all really helped and a lot of what you told me came in so handy!! 




Just wanted to update because I and a lot of the comments where worried it would be so hot that it would be dangerous .... I just wanted to say it was the complete opposite !! It rained and rained so bad the first night that our whole tent flooded and we had to throw tarp over the top of our tent to stop it !! We had to give up camping and book a hotel the next night because we were soaked to the bone and freezing cold !! Then we headed to Little Desert which was hotter and didnt rain but again absolutely freezing! I didn’t get a wink of sleep I was shivering all night 🤣🤣 


So yeah just an update and thanks again to whoever commented bringing a tarp sheet with us really came in handy 🤣",I posted here a while ago about tips for camping down great ocean road in Melbourne and wanted to update!,1,False,T-rex-x
camping,,New Years night went well!! Here’s a winter fire to distract you.,3,False,Embarrassed_Shoe_140
camping,,Winter camping in Alaska,10,False,samwe
camping,,"Beautiful view from the Bartram Trail, Rabun county, Georgia",7,False,DiosMioMan2
camping,,"What is better for an ice box - ice bricks, bags of ice or just frozen water bottles?",1,False,mouseno4
camping,,Ocotillo in October,2,False,TattooznWine
camping,,A morning view from our cabin deep in the woods near the lithuanian border,10,False,vacik82
camping,"Recently I have gone into research mode to try and find the best cookware set for me and my gf to use when we go on our trips, and it just now came in. My favorite part about it is that it breaks down into the size of two small pressurized gas containers, plus it is super easy to clean. Used it this past weekend and just wanted to make an appreciation post!

https://preview.redd.it/0h404dh8rs961.jpg?width=500&amp;format=pjpg&amp;auto=webp&amp;s=29c481f95f0b110410969a962c5577410d28d995",I'm In LOVE With My Cookware Set,3,False,sk8w0rld
camping,,"AAAC Wildlife Removal of San Diego &amp;#x2d; Trapping, Repair",1,False,wallacegoffefr
camping,"I'm an idiot and just spent 2 days camping in a bivvy (similar to a tent) on two very cold windy days with my door wide open and my face facing the door so I could watch the lake as I slept. It's really uncomfortable and red right now and I now have learnt my lesson, I am not more powerful than winter.",Anybody have any home remedies for wind burn?,2,False,somebeerinheaven
camping,"Qustion for my fellow UK campers. I tend to spend most of my trips wild camping up in Scotland but the £40 budget tent I bought a while back is finally giving in.
I'm looking to upgrade to something in the £200 - £300 range.
Any recommendations for tents that can deal with the highlands weather? My current consideration is the msr elixer 2.",Best tent for UK rain and wind,1,False,Cyber_AF
camping,"I hate wearing shells camping because they always get an ember hole eventually and I was scared to wear my gortex jacket (which has now been stolen in true Vancouver ""fashion""). 

Just a big old heavy beat-around jacket for the West Coast drizzly winter camping. I guess those big tartan ones seem to be popular? 

I'm not from this continent or even a place that gets cold (mid north Australia). I've been in Canada 6 years but I still SUCK at choosing winter gear for some reason.

Please help!",Best jacket for sitting around a fire in the winter drizzle of the West Coast (Vancouver)?,1,False,blahblahrasputan
camping,,"Get the BOIS together, we're having a campfire! Last stop before Mt Pinos, CA",2,False,HipcampHosts
camping,,"First new year camp. California, Still cold!",3,False,skinandsin
camping,,Camping in Sedona last week.,5,False,LiamRanProd
camping,"My wife started a travel blog for our PNW camping adventures around the PNW. She's been having a lot of fun with it. Though maybe you guys would like it. 

[https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OhIwZcQDuEY](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OhIwZcQDuEY)",My wife started a travel vlog of our camping adventures around the PNW,1,False,_Marlon_Rando_
camping,,Just how effective would a rape whistle be against a bear? Asking for a friend.,1,False,Forward_Volume3521
camping,"Hi 🙋🏻‍♂️ Camping ⛺️ Reddit,

This Spring 🌸 I’ll be looking to car camp 🏕 with my little one (will be 11 months) for his first camping experience.

Just looking for some advice / guidance from others whom have car camped with babies 👶🏻 in the past.

I’m thinking 🤔 I’ll need a two person sleeping bag, my current bag is a “mummy” style.

Other than that, not sure what else is a good idea 💡 to buy / bring that I typically wouldn’t.

Many thanks 😊

David 🐉",Car 🚙 Camping ⛺️ with Baby 👶🏻,1,False,davesilver88
camping,,We all need more of this in our lives.,1,False,BlackwebCNY
camping,,"Pixley Falls (Boonville, NY)",2,False,BlackwebCNY
camping,"Last week the weather was perfect.

https://preview.redd.it/k3bhfynh6q961.jpg?width=4000&amp;format=pjpg&amp;auto=webp&amp;s=ff0a382180a046412847c7c48261711bd5ad9f70",Clearwater Campground in Ocala National Forest,1,False,srbesq61
camping,"Just saw the backpacker's great post and thought I would share the view from our car camping site...

*Processing img 4xl8q9pa3q961...*",Clear Water Lake Ocala,1,False,srbesq61
camping,,First trip for 2021 in the Aussie bush. Can't wait for more,1,False,tr1kalara
camping,,"Hello, guys, I am looking for camping survival kits, just found the 2 choices. But don't know which one would be the best, can anyone help me out? Really appreciate that.",1,False,Cherry-hoo
camping,,"Australia, the water's muddy and it's 37deg C...",1,False,CamsCampingAdv
camping,,Wal-Mart $1000 gift card giveaway. Sign up and get a chance to win $1000 Wal-Mart gift card.,1,False,shjsksksfndlslsgsh
camping,,Pre-Covid : The things we took for granted. Inch Beach - Ireland 2018,1,False,DonegalOverlanding
camping,Looking for a good air mattress and/or sleeping bag recommendation for a my husband and me. Temps aren’t below 30 degrees. What is the most ideal sleeping situation?,Sleeping bag/air mattress recommendations? 2 people,1,False,pdaffodil
camping,,Leave No GPS Trace on Social Media,1,False,grahams-van
camping,,So I tried out Camping in -20 weather...,1,False,MrDallasLuke
camping,,Freshwater croc not happy with me gettin a selfie,1,False,Asleep_Tea_3578
camping,,A pic from my most recent bikepacking trip in Sam Houston National Forest.,1,False,primo8731
camping,"I’ve never camped in CT despite living here and want to do some solo camping closer to home. 

I know there’s a decent section of the AT that runs thru the state but I’m looking for other ideas as well. 

Any suggestions are greatly appreciated. Thanks!",Camping in Connecticut?,1,False,kwojojojo
camping,,A Site I’ll Never Forget (Southeastern Utah),1,False,Ricky_GiveEmDaHeater
camping,,Post campfire Ramen Noodles nap,1,False,Purple_Maple_Tree
camping,,#Camping #RoofTopTent #HEOTent,1,False,ExplorerT23
camping,,"Setup camp at an abandon farm in Antelope Valley, CA.",1,False,lubemyrod
camping,,Prepping for my first time ever wild camping. Got a load of good deals over Black Friday. Any advice for a first time wild camper?,1,False,benneso
camping,,Kayaked in to this cliffside campsite deep in the canyons of Lake Powell.,1,False,AdmiralMoonshine
camping,,Summer cliffside camping in Moqui Canyon on Lake Powell.,1,False,AdmiralMoonshine
camping,,Probably the last wild camp I will be doing in the UK for a while... Ft a very pleasing old Vango.,1,False,yummyyummykumquat
camping,"There are a few tents I'm  eyeing for my family of 4, but there are no specs listed on the website of the retailer OR the manufacturer.  
I don't know if they are just last years models,  but it's odd that I can't find reviews or specs ANYWHERE... or is it?
Specifically,  I'm looking for specs and reviews of the Eureka Evasion 4 , the Eureka Bella Coola 4, or the SAIL Toundra. 
The one tent that does have info is The North Face Talus 4 , which I'll buy if I can't find more info on the others.  
Any advice would be super helpful",Where can I find specs and reviews of Eureka tents?,1,False,mamavegan
camping,,A Photo I Took Of Our Recent Trip To Ocala National Forest,1,False,SnapshotWill
camping,"Was just looking online for a Waterproof match for a post covid camping trip me and the boys have been planning and I stubled across one for FREE so I thought id share:

[https://twitter.com/FreebiesUsa1/status/1346537913962668037](https://twitter.com/FreebiesUsa1/status/1346537913962668037)

These are great bit of kit to keep in your bag on a trip.

Mine is due to arrive on Friday ill post an update on how it is.",Freebie Alert - Waterproof lighter completely free,1,False,throwaway66068720481
camping,[removed],WATERPROOF matches - FREE!,1,False,throwaway66068720481
camping,,Camping,1,False,moooonmaster
camping,,Little excursion over the long weekend,1,False,Level_check_hi
camping,,Toasting Marshmallow!,1,False,matojos858
camping,,"Winter in Yosemite National Park is something else, amazing!",1,False,alphaeighteen
camping,,Cold weather backpacking trip at grandfather mountain state park,1,False,bmcclure1247
camping,,Pre-Covid Life. Camping on Inch Beach in Ireland,1,False,DonegalOverlanding
camping,"So i'am looking into buying an Big Agnes Flycreek or tigerwall platinum tent. However in the area where i hike, heavy rain is a given if i'm going on a multiple day trip. Now i read that Big Agnes tents have a 1200mm waterproof rating on the raincover and floor, aswel as the optional footprints. And stacking the floor and floorprint doesn't help and maybe makes it worse by trapping water between them. I've read online that to be sure that your tent floor is waterproof you need a 1500mm waterproof rating. Can anybody tell me if this is true or give me personal experiences with big agnes tents. If there is any chance of water seeping through the floor (given the floor isn't damaged) its a no go for me.",Big Agnes UL waterproof concerns,1,False,Mano_m64
camping,,"In search of campground in Florida to spend my birthday. Activities enjoyed: fishing, hiking, kayaking, SUP- will have 50 lb fluffy dog joining. Any suggestions?",1,False,knguyen36
camping,,Hanna State Park campground - Jacksonville FL,1,False,Extreme_Glass8508
camping,,One of the best trips I have ever done with my VW camper!,1,False,SliperyGecko
camping,,Little freshwater crock trying to have a go,1,False,Asleep_Tea_3578
camping,,NYE in Brecon,1,False,BigBoshV
camping,,"WHO have the Folding Camping Chair ? pls om me , thx",1,False,Emmasong666
camping,"Hello all! Looking to buy a sleeping bag meant for cold conditions, and a bedroll to match. Let’s say I have a budget of $150. What can I get?",Affordable 0° sleeping bag and bedroll,1,False,vendaaiccultist
camping,,Kids 1st Camp,1,False,BrookWoodCampsNY
camping,,When the rain keeps everyone else away sl you and the kids have the campground to yourselves.,1,False,tragicdag
camping,,"I'm a female wanting to head out for my first solo camping trip. Husband won't go when the nighttime weather will be in the 30's...wussy! I'm looking for tips, advice, location suggestions from any other women who camp solo. #Nature❤",1,False,austinsweet-n-sour
camping,,17 tips for first time international travelers,1,False,Travelwiid3
camping,"Hey everyone, I'm planning on a 10 day road trip at the end of March from LA to Yellowstone and back.   I'm going w my bf and we're planning on camping most of the trip. I've tried to keep the driving as spaced out as possible and less than 7 hrs a day. LMK if you guys know of any good camping spots at any of our stops and if there's a better place than Provo to stop at that's in between Yellowstone and Vegas. Here's what I've come up with so far: 

**March 26:** 

Leave at 7AM

6hr drive to Zion National Park 

Explore Zion

Camp @ Zion

**March 27**

1.5 hr drive to explore Bryce Canyon NP

Camp @ Zion

March 28

5 hr drive to Park City, UT

Stay @ Airbnb

**March 29**

5 hr drive to Grand Teton NP

Camp @ Gros Venture Campground in Jackson, WY

**March 30**

Explore Grand Teton

**March 31** 

3 hr drive to Yellowstone

Camp @ Yellowstone

**Apr 1**

Explore Yellowstone

Camp @ Yellowstone

**Apr 2** 

6 hr drive to Provo, UT

Stay at Airbnb

**Apr 3**

5.5 hr drive to Vegas 

Stay in Vegas 

**April 4**

Drive home",Itinerary for road trip from LA to Yellowstone,1,False,bobrozzz
camping,,Near Mammoth Lakes - CA,1,False,Ajsdmy
camping,,"For those of you who have experienced that hellish one way road that is tidus canyon, almost got me convinced to buy a 4x4",1,False,beanabeanabeanabeana
camping,"Looking for a lantern that's easy to pack but packs a punch. Just need it for me and my wife at our site if we need it.

Would use it just to see what we're doing at night, inside the tent, and just making sure we have something other than the fire or our phones. 

Preferably runs on battery or can be recharged",LED Lantern recommendations,1,False,joeylifts
camping,,"Hello guys, I wanted some advice. If I were fishing off a pier at night and wanted a light that could shine the furthest through the water and into the depths, what that be more throw or flood and what are some good flashlights that could shine really deep into the water off a pier? Thanks!",1,False,letsgetyoustarted
camping,"Hi guys. 
So for a while now I’ve had an intense feeling of wanting to run away from what I have now and who I have now and go totally alone with the only worry being food, shelter and safety. I live in the UK, so the only “bigger” forests are in the highlands of Scotland. Scotland also being the only place in the UK where free camping is legal; is why that would be the best destination. Temperatures can and have got to -10 degree Celsius/ 14 Fahrenheit in the winter with snow getting up to 6-14inches in the area I’m looking at. Weather is typically cold for around 3 months.Unlike Chris I want to be totally prepared with stuff that will keep me alive, especially during winter. And I’m also thinking long term so how would I keep replacing what I have if they became damaged etc etc. So many things popping up in my head which is probably telling me not to, but it’s making me so so happy and purposeful thinking about it. Shelter, warmth water I think would be the main important thing,  then obviously food. We don’t have the diversity of animals the US does so that’s a small worry of mine, although we also don’t have many predatory animals to worry about. I’ve thought about building a shelter into a save kinda thing like you see on the primitive videos on YouTube, except mine won’t be fancy water falls lol. Also building a fire place with a working fire/chimney . I don’t have hunting skills, actually none at all so advise there will be good especially traps as that’s taken my interest. Idk what I’m asking really I’m just asking for any advise you guys can throw at me, few things I’ve mentioned as you’ve read if you could help with those. I know it’s a bad idea but I want to and I plan to for as long as I can... is that do able ? Never coming back?",Planning to go “Into The Wild”,1,False,SecreteObsessions
camping,,What it’s all about,1,False,rockbottam
camping,,Awesome Free Waterproof Fire Starter For Camping!,1,False,Reasonable-Chest-541
camping,,"Valley Of The Gods 01/03/2021, taken by me.",1,False,meastt
camping,"This will sound a bit odd but I’m looking for a two person tent that I could set up in the living room. Not a joke, I promise. My gf and I made a makeshift blanket fort a few months back to watch movies and it was really fun. Was thinking a small tent would make the process a bit easier. I have no tent experience so not even sure what to search for. Since it doesn’t need to be fancy or big, I’m looking more for cheap. Just enough to fit us in with a small tv. That and really easy to assemble. Any suggestions would be greatly appreciated.",Odd tent advice - living room tent,1,False,storebot
camping,,New Year Camping in BC Canada,1,False,coolmanco
camping,,Best way to wake up 😌,1,False,meow__meg
camping,,"Rincon Beach, Ventura, California [OC]",1,False,Jim_kary
camping,,"So I recently went through a divorce, my kids are staying with me tomorrow so I’ve set up this little indoor camping den to get them ready for our adventures :) trying to be a good dad and create those precious memories, hopefully they like it.",1,False,crazyunicorntamer
camping,"I (F28) have always loved camping since I was kid and continued to go camping (tent camping, specifically) into my teens and twenties. I’d camp at festivals or at camp grounds or parks. My fiancé (M27) has never camped a day in his life. He’s the type that’d rather have a cozy bed where he can control the temperature setting. But we both love to travel, explore nature, see new places and meet new friends. Does anyone have advice for me to try to get him more interested in camping? Or suggestions on how I could make the camping experience more comfortable for him?",Advice needed on how to convince my fiancé we should go camping more often.,1,False,nifty_nikki
camping,,"First Successful Winter Car Camping Trip in Moab, Utah",1,False,gandooke
camping,I am excited to go on some trips this year. I just freed up some time in my life. My wife and I have two trips planned for the next couple of months and I have a couple of solo trips planned for the next couple of months as well. Happy New Year everybody!,Excited!!!!,1,False,ColoradoEngineer
camping,,"Howth, Dublin, Ireland",1,False,MadAboutYee
camping,,Awesome new backpack I got in a subreddit! This is a awesome addition for your next trip.,1,False,AggressiveOven7
camping,"Hi there! We recently uploaded the movie from our latest overlanding journey in Sweden. Check it out if you want to, 50cm of snow and a Jeep JLUR guaranteed :). We spent all of the nights in a tentipi tent heated with a stove, and cooked all of our food over an open fire in a Dutch oven!

We have been doing overlanding trips every year since 2014, and all of our trips have been uploaded on our YouTube channel SevenBarAdventures. There are a lot of inspiration on our channel if you are interested!

https://youtu.be/ACiddaE1xDs

Cheers!",Movie from our latest adventure in Sweden with lots of snow!,1,False,AnthonRindsater
camping,,This campsite cactus made my day,1,False,zuzuofthewolves
camping,"I've been lurking here for a while, and only went camping once in my adult life with friends. But i loved getting out and away from everything.

So my question is, have any of you just tried camping in your normal car, and is it any fun, or is it not the same as sleeping in a tent under the stars?",Camping in a sedan car?,1,False,SvampebobFirkant
camping,,Ooni Pizza Oven Rocket Ship Wild Camping,1,False,DonegalOverlanding
camping,,Monthly GIVEAWAY started on Deus-Blade. Great knife for camping!,1,False,aesirent
camping,,Annoying Orange - 2020 KILLS!,1,False,Current_Maximum2951
camping,,It never rains when you camp in the snow,1,False,marlon_33
camping,,New Year New snowstorm lol. Had a great time in the woods this weekend!,1,False,AdventuresWSpackmann
camping,,Lake Powell 2020,1,False,icebergleticia
camping,,Did some desert camping to start off the new year. First time in Kofa National Wilderness Refuge (Arizona). Great time to say the least.,1,False,az_roaming
camping,,"Wild camping in Wicklow, Ireland. Before it got cold!",1,False,story_tripper
camping,,first snow = first snow bivy of the season,1,False,YirgaSantos
camping,,"Park Life, Dublin Ireland",1,False,MadAboutYee
camping,,2020 highlights,1,False,Bigguy2599
camping,,"Camping fun,with Family and Friends and Drinks",1,False,Illustrious_Nerve671
camping,,Marshmallows on Fire,1,False,MadAboutYee
camping,,"If you're looking for a camping area near Istanbul,check out Sakarya,Turkey #camping #turkey",1,False,ozakayeda
camping,,"#Camping in Sakarya,Turkey",1,False,ozakayeda
camping,,AMERICA’S NATIONAL PARKS RANKED BEST TO WORST,1,False,Travelwiid3
camping,,How me and a couple of friends celebrated this New Years.,1,False,CommunityUpset
camping,,Apalachicola National Forest,1,False,DOC929
camping,,"1st roadtrip of 2021, and probably the last one for a while..",1,False,edomejes23
camping,,Welcome to the bohemian forest,1,False,Dynamitestnt
camping,,Camping with the sports games is a good idea? What do you think guys?,1,False,BrookWoodCampsNY
camping,,"Saying goodbye to 2020 at Matanzas Inlet, FL",1,False,jeniberenjena
camping,,"Our Labor Day trip to Gallagher Head Lake in Washington state. The lake is about 5500’ elevation. It was gorgeous all the way up! The last pic is an abandoned gold mine, as the trail is an abandoned gold mining road from the turn of the century.",1,False,sundstrom193
camping,"I live in Central Washington and I was looking to do a hiking/foraging/fishing/camping trip this coming spring, but I am struggling to find lakes to camp at that aren’t several mile hikes. I’m okay with a few miles or so for a hike, but I don’t want to go crazy. Do you guys have any recommendations for any lakes y’all have camped at where you know there’s fish? Thanks!",Anyone in Washington have recommendations?,1,False,sundstrom193
camping,"OK, this is the first year with my boyfriend for Valentine’s Day. I am having a hard time getting him what he wants, he wants to do something that involves quality time and spending time together. Which is great because I love those things too. Anyways tonight I went to my BFF’s (Don’t worry we live in the same city and we both follow covid-19 protocols) and her camping gear was out, she told me she was “reorganizing it”. 
An idea formed in my head of what to do, he isn’t a fan for cold weather but the thing is I don’t mind it and have camped in the winter months when I was younger. The problem is I don’t remember what I need for camping now because when I did when I was younger it was all my parents gear which they have all sold. Other than a waterproof tent, is there any tips or tricks you as a camper can tell me about camping in the winter? And what can I do the cold? Also how do you cook food if camping in the cold? Any suggestions? Any help would be greatly appreciated! Thanks!",Valentine’s Day Idea?,1,False,thinkpinkhair
camping,,Camping for New Years!,1,False,Hercho
camping,"Kids always look forward to attending yearly summer camps. Once registered and before arrival day, all camper families will need to complete our Additional Forms (included in our Pre-Camp Packet – see below). [**Camp Forms**](https://campnorthstarmaine.com/pre-camp-forms/). Everything you need to know about the upcoming summer is located in this section.",Summer Camp Pre-registration Form | Camp North Star,1,False,CampNorthStarMaineME
camping,,Weather is just right for desert camping. Sonora,1,False,Cute-Ad-1392
camping,,Back Yard Bushcraft Series Setting up Polish Lavuu,1,False,Hawkenwolf-knives
camping,,"Awesome weekend camping trip at Motosuko Camping Ground in Yamanashi, Japan",1,False,banstrand
camping,,"Sarek keeping guard&lt;3 Finnemarka, Norway.",1,False,Snorev
camping,,First trip of 2021,1,False,PocoJenny
camping,,First trip of 2021,1,False,PocoJenny
camping,,4 Days on the Trinity River,1,False,Troutman86
camping,"[https://goo.gl/maps/ecQxNYBH3PThnMDa7](https://goo.gl/maps/ecQxNYBH3PThnMDa7)

&amp;#x200B;

*Processing img npn1o08rz6961...*",Park Life,1,False,MadAboutYee
camping,,Park Life,1,False,MadAboutYee
camping,,Back in Sep 2020 !!,1,False,sudevans
camping,,"Hammock Stealth Camping, almost caught",1,False,C1garette
camping,,"Had a blast camping to start off the new year, we all made chairs and hung out the whole night.",1,False,banhammercam
camping,,Over night at Cook Forest,1,False,patkbassin
camping,,Spent the last week in the woods/desert. East Verde River and Sedona. Best way to leave 2020 behind.,1,False,tomorrowisntpromised
camping,,Boundary Waters Camping on New Years (Minnesota),1,False,joynerstyle
camping,"[https://goo.gl/maps/8ewZ6BqA8uhZq3D77](https://goo.gl/maps/8ewZ6BqA8uhZq3D77)

&amp;#x200B;

*Processing img ny6pk3wdh6961...*",Park Life,1,False,MadAboutYee
camping,"Me and my dad are camping buddies, and I really want to get the old man a camping related gift for his birthday. 
I’m broke as shit, so if you have any suggestions for a good gift under 35$ 
I was looking at the Bison Rolling Grill. Or something in that field.",Good camping gifts,1,False,kenyam123
camping,,Pandemic paradise 😌,1,False,kenyam123
camping,,First Winter Camp,1,False,jakedx6
camping,,"Nice view to wake up to, to ring in the New Year",1,False,BraveTransportation2
camping,,Fishin Camp Life: Unloading my Grizzly to get ready to head home Part 2.,1,False,LadFromTheWoods
camping,,Beautiful Badlands South Dakota,1,False,Average-Tight
camping,,First trip of 2021,1,False,johnsmyth88
camping,,My cat claimed my sleeping bag as her own.,1,False,Legionofdoom
camping,,I really want to go camping again,1,False,Jacop23fisher
camping,"Any suggestions on places to camp in April in or around Ohio. Not looking for cold weather camping, not experienced enough, and would be car camping.",Camping in April,1,False,cadensissy
camping,,Built a log cabin in the woods - Scotland!,1,False,JamieScho
camping,,Best Way to Lose Lower Belly Fat,1,False,helthweightloss
camping,,What it's really like to go camping overnight in the rainforest during HEAVY RAIN!,1,False,offgriddave
camping,"Hello there! Currently looking for a privacy pop
Up mainly to use as a shower/changing clothes at dispersed campgrounds and such) Basically my go to method is a spray bottle and a few wash rags to clean myself. It works fine if there is a bathroom on site i just throw my spare towel or tarp on the ground to catch the water/soap. 

My issue is I’m 6ft and wondering is that 3 inches really an inconvenience to other tall fellow campers. 
I’d be the main one using it, most friends if they join at 5”10-6”3. 

Would love some feedback before i make a purchase!",Anyone 6ft+ have issues with the Pop Up Pod?,1,False,LiftingNurse
camping,"I recently got a Nemo Disco 15 for Christmas and its my first time owning a non-synthetic sleeping bag. I decided to test it out tonight and one of the first things I noticed was a few feathers here and few. Fast forward to now (I've been browsing my phone for 2-3 hours since then, and my black boxers have visible down all over (probably a 4 feathers every centimeter. Not taking a picture for obvious reasons). Is this normal? This bag has amazing reviews online and I really like it ever for this leaking","Is it normal for downsleeping bags to ""leak"" a fair amount of down?",1,False,sol1tarysn1per
camping,,"Near Moab, Utah. 10 degrees Fahrenheit. Free site near Lone Mesa.",1,False,solacetree
camping,,"steep ravine, CA early December",1,False,CliffordVII
camping,,"Is it camping season yet? Colorado, USA",2,False,this_is_squirrel
camping,,"Our private campground in the Mississippi forrest ""Camp Firefly"" ready for visitors to experience the syncronous fireflies that call it home.",1,False,TheDramaTube
camping,,Fishin Camp Life: Unloading my Grizzly to get ready to head home Part 1.,1,False,LadFromTheWoods
camping,,Just used skills I learnt over 20yrs ago in a Year 8 Home Economics class to repair my Swag bag without stabbing my finger. Just sayin',1,False,bugout_adventures
camping,Driving down I95 from NY to Florida.  Was wondering what people’s experiences with KOA campgrounds were like?,KOA,1,False,Cypto4
camping,,Early morning coffee &gt; late night marshmallows,1,False,kenyam123
camping,,Camping in Colorado during the start of Quarantine last year. With my Best buddy Dash!!,1,False,Shuamaster420
camping,"Hi All - 

&amp;#x200B;

I have the following sleeping bag for my wife and I: [https://www.rei.com/product/136334/rei-co-op-siesta-30-double-sleeping-bag](https://www.rei.com/product/136334/rei-co-op-siesta-30-double-sleeping-bag)

&amp;#x200B;

I want to get a compression sack to make this thing smaller but also keep it dry. I am looking at Sea to Summit brand. What size sack do I need?

[https://www.rei.com/product/730882/sea-to-summit-event-compression-dry-sack](https://www.rei.com/product/730882/sea-to-summit-event-compression-dry-sack)

&amp;#x200B;

I am also looking for one for my clothes to keep them dry and fresh. What size is good for a 2-3 day camping trip?",Help with Compression Sacks,1,False,joeylifts
camping,"I completely new to camping and have been getting all my gear ready (rooftop tent setup) for my first trip. 
I feel like my timing is shit as all the campgrounds in SoCal are closed due to covid. Does anyone know the status of dispersed camping options. 

Thanks so much.",Southern California BLM or National forest camping during COVID (2nd Lockdown Edition),1,False,daeluspops
camping,,Of of the best days of 2020. Northern Montana in the summer.,1,False,FoxiLabs
camping,,"Some hammock camping on a beach near Clearwater, FL. Built the whole structure in the second picture during the night with my buddy.",1,False,N85401
camping,,Camping in KOFA National Wildlife Refuge,1,False,tstringham1
camping,,"Since the last post got so much love, here are some more shots from my trip to Great Basin National Park, I highly highly recommend going here. Sadly we didn’t have time to summit the actual mountain but just the glacier, it was beautiful and such a great hike in of itself",1,False,NachoGolf
camping,,"Since the last post got so much love, here are some more shots from my trip to Great Basin National Park, I highly highly recommend going here. Sadly we didn’t have time to summit the actual mountain but just the glacier, it was beautiful and such a great hike in of itself",1,False,NachoGolf
camping,,Thought these might make cool trivets for cast iron while camping,1,False,FJCruisin
camping,,Arizona winter camping!,1,False,electricb0nes
camping,"[https://goo.gl/maps/xAL9MiEkvmyGZN1C9](https://goo.gl/maps/xAL9MiEkvmyGZN1C9)

https://preview.redd.it/peun12hmmz861.jpg?width=2048&amp;format=pjpg&amp;auto=webp&amp;s=d15ed57aeca811e1908afa94db6aaec99097e74f",Park Life,1,False,MadAboutYee
camping,,This is how i woke up in 01.01.2021,1,False,asavickas
camping,,Wish I could do more but CA shutdown everything again.,1,False,Ferallyouth
camping,"One of my younger family members were setting up their own online store selling these led beanie headlamps so I decided to buy one for camping and I’m impressed. 
Pros: It’s a Unisex, one size fit design so it’s suitable for all, it’s warm and cosy and provides a bright light to find your way in the dark. Suitable for all occasions, simple to use has rechargeable batteries all round solid piece of equipment. 
Cons: Delivery took roughly 2 weeks, could be improved, apart from that as a customer I’ve received great service and I genuinely recommend it.
[Their website](https://www.mackenziedisplays.com/products/warm-winter-beanie-led-headlight)",Led Beanie Headlight,1,False,03finleym
camping,,Wildfie visitor!,1,False,vanlifewithgpayne
camping,,"Beautiful Cabin in Finland, Fantasy B&amp;B",1,False,YouOtterKnow1
camping,,Announcing the Absolutely Best Campgrounds and RV Parks for 2021,1,False,Frequent_Reaction_30
camping,,Perfect balance,1,False,Treebone_Dickrat
camping,"My husband and I almost always camp &amp; hike together. I've been considering getting a double sleeping bag, particularly for colder weather- seems like I can steal some of his man warmth, as I'm almost always cold while he sleeps like a baby. Has anyone had experience using one? What are your thoughts? Things to avoid?",Thoughts on double sleeping bags,1,False,tatietot_
camping,,"Funds for university, organised by Bediako Bright Asare",1,False,Ok-Organization-1669
camping,"We use a 2500 watt 100ah lithium [solar generator](https://deltaforcepower.com/collections/portable-lithium-solar-generators/products/portable-lithium-solar-generator) from Delta Force Power for camping. It's lightweight and can power everything we need while we're camping out in our converted van. 

We also use it for emergency backup power. It can run a full sized fridge for 15 hours without solar panels (at night) and all day with the solar panels. 

You can also add extra batteries for increased run time.  My pic below shows the system with three total batteries (300ah.)

&amp;#x200B;

*Processing img qkn5370x8y861...*",Best Portable Power For Camping &amp; Emergency Backup Power,1,False,BodyGun
camping,,Bacon in the dark [southernmost Sweden],1,False,Biddatroy01
camping,,Successful New Mexico holiday trip full of some great hiking,1,False,brehnden
camping,"For those of you who have been, where are the “secret” spots? Where do you recommend posting up for the night? What are the less traveled roads and paths?

My fiancé and I will be going in a month and need to start planning somewhat of list of things to see and do. We are camping in our truck so we plan on staying somewhere different every night.","Trip to Sedona, AZ, USA",1,False,ore_macilye
camping,"Hi, me and my boyfriend are going to take a trip down south (Georgia, Florida) and I was wondering if any of you guys know where I could rent the cheapest campervan. we are on a budget so if I could find something around 500$ for a week would be perfect. p.s (we live in Indiana)",Does anyone know the cheapest campervan I could rent for a week?,1,False,RepresentativeAd2635
camping,,People working through the holidays be like,1,False,bugout_adventures
camping,,Love the feeling of setting it all up and just gazing at it in the scenery,1,False,NachoGolf
camping," The best tarps we’ve found

#### OK, so tarps are just a sheet of waterproof material with some eyelets. Anything will do, but these top picks are reliable and come with the bits and pieces you’ll need.

&amp;#x200B;

*Processing img uhk7cy3p2x861...*

Best [Canvas Tarpaulins](https://tarpaulinsshop.co.uk/product-category/canvas-tarpaulins/) For Camping",The best tarps we’ve found,1,False,TarpaulinsShop
camping,"Hands up if you're not an outdoorsy person? 👋 Read about how my camping experience made me love the indoors even more! 😊
https://talkcrates.blogspot.com/2021/01/why-camping-is-not-for-me.html?m=1",Why camping is not for me!!,1,False,Turbulent-Price-9625
camping,,"Just found this sub, so I figured I'd post some of the cooler shots I got from a trip in February of last year. Will surely be browsing and posting here more often!",1,False,KyNielsen
camping,,"Coral Bay, Western Australia. Calm water and coral overflowing with fish 5 meters offshore",1,False,elmo-slayer
camping,,"Coral Bay, Western Australia. Calm water and coral overflowing with fish 5 meters offshore",1,False,elmo-slayer
camping,,first time camping in the backyard.,1,False,akita0507
camping,,The yearly sorting and organizing of camping gear has begun.. yey. Amazing how much small and useless or otherwise expired *stuff* gets collected at my place,1,False,Once_An_Optimist
camping,,A beautiful day in Virginia.,2,False,sneakycurbstomp
camping,,Some productive advice in these comments for a fellow camper. 😂,1,False,bugout_adventures
camping,,"Dear ladies and genteimen, I want you to help me refresh the products :Outdoor sport gloves.If you are interested in this and your other requirements, you can contact us.We will send you the free samples directly,if you can help us write the good reviews.",1,False,sunshine9999999
camping,,Maiden voyage of the Stormbreak 3 in Hawaii.,1,False,IneptNoodle
camping,,Does anyone know of any truck camping near San Luis Obispo?,1,False,BeRadStayRad
camping,"Looking for advice. Would like to beach camp the NC Outer Banks. Is mid February or mid March better? What specific area would you suggest? I’m from SC so can get there in about 5 hours. 
Thanks!!",Outer Banks,1,False,klcox17
camping,,"Great way to waste some time, best to be prepared rather than do it on the spot",1,False,Thiccman4doors
camping,Does anyone know of any good spots along the coast and/or disperse camping spots where I can actually make a fire?,Places to go winter camping in WA state?,1,False,paintnpolitics
camping,My camping backpack is not waterproof. Looking for a good spray to coat it. Any recommendations?,Looking for water repellent spray for backapck,1,False,joeylifts
camping,,Glamping inside our Suburban Overland,1,False,HorizonOverland
camping,,"Camping in Palase, Albania (ALB). Picture taken from the seashore (Jon sea) and with Llogara Mountain in the background.",1,False,judit006
camping,"Hey everyone,

I have a quick question about camping near Mt Washington, NH.

I have hiked it throughout the summer a few times, but never the winter. I am curious if anyone knows how I’d fair camping close to my car in Pinkham Notch.

Thanks!",Mt. Washington camping question,1,False,ayromolio
camping,,"Couldn’t think of a better way to start the new year! (Superstitions Wilderness, Arizona)",1,False,rcandell
camping,,"I've spent one day at campfire in the winter forest. This is my first video, any feedback is welcomed. Thanks :)",1,False,super_domi
camping,"Hello! I'm super new to reddit but have been trying to plan a three week trip to a bunch of National Parks this summer and was hoping for some input! My dates are June 18th to July 9th and can post a more detailed itinerary if needed. I know this sub is for camping in general but if anyone has an idea of a better one for these questions please let me know. 

1. My first stop is Grand Teton NP, I'm leaving from Northern Colorado and expecting to get to Grand Teton around 2 or 3pm- is all hope lost at trying to find a FF campsite? Some of the stuff I've read says that Gros Venture and Lizard Creek would be my best bet but I'm worried I won't get a spot. 
2. I have about 1 and 1/2 days in Yellowstone (I know it's not nearly enough time), but what are the realistic ""must see's"" in that timeframe? I'm staying in the Madison Campground if that helps.
3. I'll arrive in Glacier on 6/23 and am worried that going to the sun road won't be open. Any suggestions on other areas to see/explore if this road isn't open? I also haven't made reservations here but am leaning towards Many Glaciers or St. Marys campgrounds- any input on those?
4. After I hit North Cascades and Mt. Rainier I'm heading to Olympic and realized that I am not going to have nearly enough time to even see the highlights. My current plan is to stay at the Kalaloch Campground and try to see the HOH rainforest and some of the beaches. Is there anything else I should try to see on the south side? Or a better way to spend my 1 1/2 days? 
5. I will be in Salem Oregon for the 4th of July as an in between- is there anything special I should see while there? I'm just staying the night so I won't have a ton of time there! 

I know that I'm trying to pack a lot into a short amount of time but I'm really hoping to see as much as possible. The parks I'm visiting are as follows: Grand Teton, Yellowstone, Glacier, North Cascades, Mt. Rainier, Olympic, Crater Lake. I only have 1-2 days in each park, but if anyone has any input about any of them I would love to hear it! Thanks!",Looking for input on NPS Road Trip,1,False,linrhe07
camping,,"Camping in the living room with my best friend! Too old to hike or sleep inside, but never too old to have tent snuggles.",1,False,bleeehhhhhhhhhhhhh
camping,,"New Year’s Eve camping trip. Peak District, UK",1,False,Justvibe-
camping,,I recently acquired some land completely FOR FREE! Here’s how you can do the same:,1,False,Kerr-rawden
camping,"I've been searching through r/camping , alltrails, [freecamping.net](https://freecamping.net) etc and there's just so much information that I'm to the point where I need recommendations from people that have been there.  


I'm planning a camping trip for myself and my dog for this coming May and I'm really interested in trying the Pisgah National Forest which is a few hours from me. The main complication is that although my dog loves hiking, she can't go as far as she used to and can't handle crazy hard trails either (she's getting soft in her old age), so I'm trying to find trails that have established primitive sites as soon as 1/2 a mile in. I'm also planning on staying a few nights so I will need reasonable access to water.  


Any recommendations would be greatly appreciated! You can of course DM me as well if you don't want to blow up your spot ;)",Pisgah NF - Looking for free hike in camp site recommendations (with close water access),1,False,DjBonadoobie
camping,,Interested mates only,1,False,sonandfaith23
camping,,"Camping in the living room with my best friend! Too old to hike or sleep outside, but never too old to have tent snuggles.",1,False,AJSkeeterbug
camping,"&amp;#x200B;

https://preview.redd.it/s7csgbh7ap861.jpg?width=515&amp;format=pjpg&amp;auto=webp&amp;s=5b080f8961e64ef0611f4c5427cae47b7f61519c","Camden Hill State Park, Maine June 2020",1,False,Athomeinthecountry
camping,,"19year old in Missourri homeless out in snow, any tips?",1,False,DontStanSoClose2Me
camping,How do you woods people boil snow?,Boiling snow,1,False,vendaaiccultist
camping,,"Guys camping trip, craft beer and 21 year pappy. West Clear Creek Arizona.",1,False,Cute-Ad-1392
camping,,Backyard Bushcraft Series,1,False,Hawkenwolf-knives
camping,,Last camping trip and full moon of the year!,1,False,mich2203
camping,"I plan on using tarps, paracord and whatever else suggested. Lol but I need an idea of what knots to learn, specifically for camping, putting tarps up from trees, etc. 


So far, my list has Rolling hitch, Truckers hitch, Taut line hitch, Timber hitch, Bowline, and Sheet bend... this is from research on this (and other) subs... are there any other types of knots I should learn? Is anything else better than paracord I should look into?","Knots, knots and more knots",1,False,freedom_oh
camping,,First test burn on my tent stove last night. Hopefully taking it out in the Black Hills SD in January.,1,False,Lumberman08
camping,,"Cotopaxi National Park, Ecuador.",1,False,scytale86
camping,Where do I shit. Where do I shit. It’s cold. I’m alone.,I camped for the first time today,1,False,Peeholepeter
camping,"It's cold and gross out there tonight, so let's look back a few months ago to when it was cold and gross out on the French River, halfway between Toronto and Sudbury in Ontario, Canada.

Enjoy the photos - the trip was a return to old stomping grounds, but unfortunately we were windbound one day, and barely able to paddle safely on others. The wind ripped out my nylon tarp, flattened tents, and meant we had to tie down everything lest it blew into oblivion. 

[Canoes loaded on the trailer, ready to hit the road.](https://preview.redd.it/2f98prpjhl861.jpg?width=4032&amp;format=pjpg&amp;auto=webp&amp;s=69c8b58e3364e8c158251ab4e369c740f7ec15b1)

&amp;#x200B;

[Mom and boys on the docks at French River Supply post, ready to head out.](https://preview.redd.it/s1rly10ohl861.jpg?width=4032&amp;format=pjpg&amp;auto=webp&amp;s=cd2b02b8547b1a60e6426653aaf2486f720c12f5)

&amp;#x200B;

[In the canyon after passing under Hwy 69.](https://preview.redd.it/kl4m46cthl861.jpg?width=4032&amp;format=pjpg&amp;auto=webp&amp;s=81d1bd19f254fdcce891ce1723a509aeff6c1525)

&amp;#x200B;

[Getting ready for dinner on day 1. We found a nice little bay with lots of wind protection. The logs were a windbreak for the fire behind them.](https://preview.redd.it/9zyl7br1il861.jpg?width=4608&amp;format=pjpg&amp;auto=webp&amp;s=151d754158a04c6e2fef1ac8050f4b4ba2a01b72)

&amp;#x200B;

[We shared the camp with a Massasauga Rattlesnake. Friendly little guy kept coming around to visit.](https://preview.redd.it/7xvj257ail861.jpg?width=3024&amp;format=pjpg&amp;auto=webp&amp;s=baed7d4a084f9893b44415c02e7ef8506f9c80cc)

&amp;#x200B;

[Morning of day 2.](https://preview.redd.it/1mw9n1ziil861.jpg?width=4608&amp;format=pjpg&amp;auto=webp&amp;s=fd61748487fbda12ae5313680642fd2ee83e9882)

&amp;#x200B;

[Mon &amp; kid #1 crossing an open bay.](https://preview.redd.it/2ar9khsqil861.jpg?width=4608&amp;format=pjpg&amp;auto=webp&amp;s=7acac27d3221aa3d797fdb3ffc7373143b03668b)

&amp;#x200B;

[Kid #2 navigating in Dad's canoe.](https://preview.redd.it/osojfq7xil861.jpg?width=4608&amp;format=pjpg&amp;auto=webp&amp;s=949abca590923907835b3a39b943ebc1d33f76de)

&amp;#x200B;

[Everyone helping to cook dinner on Day 2.](https://preview.redd.it/227uu0r1jl861.jpg?width=4608&amp;format=pjpg&amp;auto=webp&amp;s=f2298fb70fa1ab54d6921359dea4f9e91c7ba586)

&amp;#x200B;

[Kids out exploring after dinner. ](https://preview.redd.it/u8tuscnajl861.jpg?width=4608&amp;format=pjpg&amp;auto=webp&amp;s=95a06d5dda01eb8acb478052bf4130f2a65cec5f)

&amp;#x200B;

[Little French rapids portage on Day 3 \(fewer pics now as the cameras are dying and we forgot to charge them\).](https://preview.redd.it/6moqqz8hjl861.jpg?width=3024&amp;format=pjpg&amp;auto=webp&amp;s=6853f9989001b30f4898d0ddb53713f32e48bc4a)

&amp;#x200B;

*Processing img ia4sx7zsjl861...*

Overall, a good trip and we had a lot of fun, but the wind came up every afternoon right after lunch and we had to fight it until nightfall. Most nights there was an hour or so of calm just before sunset, and then the winds would kick up again the next day. We cut our itinerary down three times, and ended up ditching the trip after 4 days when we decided it was unsafe paddling from windbreak to windbreak. Sometimes you need to know your limits and weigh the risks against the value of the experience.",Fall canoe camping on the French river,1,False,FrostyProspector
camping,,Couples camp trip update!,1,False,MangoOnce
camping,,Winter wildacmp on Exmoor,1,False,tomt1er
camping,,"8 second exposure of my campfire this week, Mt. Baker-Snoqualmie NF, Washington",1,False,justlookadit
camping,,To my mother- apologize if not acceptable,1,False,Natural-Caregiver734
camping,,Love You all from a magical island in wilderness on Danube river - HNY -,1,False,1Risbo
camping,Hello all! Friend and I are going on a trip and will be cooking eggs each morning. What’re some good and reliable ways to transport the eggs safely?,Transporting eggs on an intense hike in winter conditions,1,False,vendaaiccultist
camping,"Exploring the backcountry takes a lot of energy. In my experience it can leave you very hungry once as you hit camp. For that reason, it is important to have an kitchen setup that works for you.

What cooking gear do you use?

## Portable Stove

The simplest kitchen set up is a portable propane stove. You can get a single or double burner stove depending on your cooking style. This simple setup allows you to pan fry food and make all sorts of tasty meals. If you prefer bringing dry backpacking food, you can boil water using a single burner. It is also a solid set up for morning coffee, which is a must on my adventures.

## Portable Grill

Nothing beats a barbecue, especially a barbecue in the great outdoors. A portable grill is a great option for any camper. You can get a simple charcoal grill or a propane grill with all the bells and whistles.

## Over-the-Fire Cooking

Maybe you prefer cooking over the fire. Cooking over the fire adds a delicious woodfire taste to it. If you usually have a fire at camp than this is a great option.

A cooking grate can turn your campfire into a barbeque in seconds. You first get the fire started and then place the grate over the fire. Cook your food and enjoy a delicious fire cooked meal.

## Skottle

The skottle mimics a Mongolian grill. Originally used in South Africa by farmers, skottles have gained prominence in the camping and off-road community. Although pricy they can work well for some campers.

Portable and made to cook like a flat top grill. Usually, they attach to a propane tank which heads a flame below the hot surface. You can control the flame with a knob and cook large amounts of food on the large surface. This is ideal for large groups of campers.

&amp;#x200B;

For product recommendations check out our article [Overland Kitchen Setups](https://pioneeroverland.com/blogs/overlanding/overland-kitchen-setup).",What Kitchen Setup do you use?,1,False,PioneerOverland
camping,,And the sky suddenly opens after the storm...,2,False,Melbor_Oficial
camping,,"Waking up with this view while visiting Chapada Diamantina, Bahia - Brazil",1,False,Melbor_Oficial
camping,I’m looking to get a nice two person tent that I don’t have to worry about for Mountain/wild camping.,What are some long lasting and durable tent brands I can find?,1,False,Squishyyy_
camping,"Have my eye on getting an Inno Wedge while I’m in the middle of my road trip to help save some space in the car, and future car camping excursions. Thanks in advance!!",Looking for an REI Friends and Family discount code for roof box purchase!,1,False,Additional-Ladder-67
camping,,"Reviewing 2020 Toyota Land Cruisers Fj60 Fj62 Fj55 Fj45- Stories Behind Selling, Finds &amp; Lot Tour",1,False,jkdur728
camping,"Hi, I know it's winter(and I'm doing camping only during summer) but I want use these months for choosing well it!

I'm not asking ""which buy"" but some tips, I did scout and I know really well a-frame tents for 6 people and I really loved it but I want something better and watching Minihome (I don't know the name in USA because I'm italian) I saw yurt and I found something similar for 400€(my budget will be around 600€).

Actually I own Arpenaz 3+1 but for long camping vacancies isn't the best as comfort.

But 

# what I cannot live without:

* double wall(rains al lot where I do camping usually);
* waterproof floor(at scout we hadn't and I hated it);
* first floor made with natural material(coton is the best);
* only with poles, no other types(I don't trust in them) and only steel poles.

# My what I'm asking?

* **Floor**: better rounded or rectangular?
* Better with rooms or 'loft'?
* **Roof**: tunnel or cottage or 'V'?
* **Wall**: whole tall or tall only in centre of tent?",Tips for buying a cottage/tunnel tent for two person that could easily be like a 'second home'?,1,False,sabrina_marcante
camping,"What are your favorite places in the southwest?

I’m planning a trip for around April-may. I don’t know a lot about the region, but I’m thinking anything south and/or west of Denver is still on the table. I’m planning on mostly camping, and am on a relatively tight budget. Any advice is welcome!",What are your favorite places to camp in the southwest?,1,False,NomadicPolarBear
camping,,One of my favourite shots from this summer,1,False,Mr_PeanutButter_Cups
camping,,Cold weather camping. Connecticut after a good snow.,2,False,CT_BackCountry
camping,"Looking to purchase a second hand two man tent on eBay for next year's travels! Looking for a packable, sturdy option that has space for a lanky 6 foot 2 inch person like me. Any help would be amazing!",Best cheap two man?,1,False,jonahspindel13
camping,,How to 2021: Roku gin &amp; cheese platter while laying back on your chair #opinel #helinox #pariatitaniumcup #naturehike,1,False,Prestigious_Brush366
camping,,Throwback to July. Moto-camping solo near Bristol Tennessee.,1,False,Nerdybiker540
camping,,Tents be like,1,False,LilNilx
camping,,15 Must to fun family activities to do in a camp| usetraveltips.com,1,False,JimMorris7
camping,"Hi - I'm considering buying a second hand Thule cargo box with roof rack. The seller claims the roof rack is Thule brand, but I don't see any of their branding on the bars, so feeling unsure. Has anyone seen Thule bars like this without branding? 

https://preview.redd.it/lpo5xv10fg861.jpg?width=843&amp;format=pjpg&amp;auto=webp&amp;s=b31f8971058be4eaa45b4c303589acfe8ee5abd2",Help IDing roof rack,1,False,zanakb
camping,,On our way back from swamp camping!! A swamp friend wanted to say Hi !! 🐊,1,False,sraaan
camping,Hello all! Will be camping next weekend on top of a mountain alongside the PA Grand Canyon. Usually have done solo trips which had me camping at the bottom of the “V” between the mountains and by a stream. What kind of climate differences should I expect?,Camping at higher altitudes vs bottom of a valley (PA Grand Canyon),1,False,vendaaiccultist
camping,"Hopefully this belongs here.
I love camping. I love being outdoors and away from the hustle and bustle. Honestly, I’d love to quit my job and be a park ranger or something like that. I was in the Boy Scouts growing up and in the Marines for 8 years, so I have plenty of camping experience. The only thing is, I can count on one hand the number of times I’ve actually slept well on a camping trip. Most of the time I’m too cold, or otherwise too uncomfortable. Any suggestions on how to get great sleep while camping?  Any equipment that I should definitely invest in?",Need help with sleep,1,False,bigern12
camping,,An awesome time camping at PawPaw Tunnel!,1,False,taysyn
camping,,"Does anyone know where this is, exactly? (Not my pic)",1,False,-Melanie-
camping,,Home.,1,False,Doomathemoonman
camping,,Tunisia : Best time ❤🌿🌿,1,False,DLHsan
camping,"I've never gone camping, but u was thinking of doing a trip up to Tettegouche State Park in Northern Minnesota this February. I'd probably only stay 1 or 2 nights. What are some things I need to know before I go? Gear? I've got a sleeping bad rated for 35F, and I see I can get a outer shell that adds another 20 degrees of insulation. Will that work? Is there any hiking trails open, or is it just snowshoe?","Thinking of going winter car camping in Northern Minnesota in February, what are some things I need to know?",1,False,NormanQuacks345
camping,,Beef stew anyone?,1,False,Truthwillflow
camping,,"Would you like to touch and feel a Luxe luxury fifth wheel in Tampa, FL?...",1,False,Slight_Breath_7912
camping,,Best Way to Spend Christmas? - Backpacking Big Bend,1,False,Ok-Carob-7386
camping,,"My first camping trip to Dong Mo Lake, Vietnam",2,False,RobustaArt
camping,,Spent Xmas camping alone on the beaches in Texas,1,False,telekasterr
camping,,Spent Xmas camping alone on the beaches on Texas,1,False,telekasterr
camping,,"Couple BC hydro spots from the summer! First near Chilliwack, second 30 minutes from Nakusp, BC.",1,False,intenseturtlecurrent
camping,,Mojave Desert,1,False,colehoots
camping,,Camping on top of Yosemite Valley amidst the September wildfires,1,False,TyroilSmoochyWa11ace
camping,,"Reflect Of 2020: Despite being not able to travel from Mar 2020, the only fun thing to look back was a trekking event that I went in Jan 2020 to Mae Hong Son, Thailand for 4 days 4 nights . what’s the best thing occurred to you in 2020? 🥃",1,False,Prestigious_Brush366
camping,,One of my favorite spots near Rainbow Falls,1,False,mudbutt55
camping,,Peak district wild camping (Alport Castles),1,False,Kevin__j
camping,"So I bought a new bag, the Coleman North Rim 0°F Mummy and tried it out last night.  Low of 12° according to weather app, and I had a thermometer in my tent that said it was about 19° at 6:00 am.  Which is when I woke up shivering, not knocking the bag.  I was sleeping in my tent cot with one of those cheap roll up 1/4 inch foam pads as a base pad layer, then an original therm-a-rest layer, then my static v.  I’m wondering if using my static v was my demise, it’s got an R Value of 1.3 but I thought that if you stack all those things it just adds up or something.  Idk I’m new to winter camping. Was using something lower rated as the layer right below my bag my downfall?  Thank you!",R-value and cold and stuff,1,False,Tuxquadoguy
camping,,Did a day trip for some beach cricket on Sunday. When the weather clears I'm going there to camp.,1,False,bugout_adventures
camping,Me and my friends are going to do a BBQ with a shitty makeshift bbq we made at school we just need a flame. We were thinking of using a flame from random sticks we find at the park. Will it be bad to cook meat with fire from random sticks.,Is it bad to use random sticks for a fire?,1,False,Syrus_1
camping,,Explore Himalaya,1,False,Numerous_Day_4863
camping,,Super Cool Camping Gear to try out,1,False,Competitive_Outside3
camping,,Weekend camping trip in East Tennessee around Norris area,1,False,normandy0311
camping,"Hi friends! I have the next few days off work and want to do a short solo weekend trip up island. 
I live in Victoria and have hit all the classics many times - Jordan River up to Port Renfrew, Tofino, Cowichan lake, etc. 
Looking for a hidden gem on the island to camp out in my Ford Bronco for a night or two? 
Something low-key but must-see! Thanks in advance!",Hidden gems on Vancouver Island?,1,False,diaryofajunglecat
camping,,My logic for buying.,1,False,noriyukik
camping,The snow has not fallen here yet so you can still walk on the seaside cliffs. I made a little video about my latest camping hike. Enjoy :),Winter camping at its best,1,False,theswenic
camping,"I’m going winter camping soon with my brother, we’ve got bags rated for 15 degrees and the temps in the Adirondacks here in NY can vary but depending on how far north we go it could get down to zero pretty easily this time of year. With some thick layers in clothes plus the bags, do you think it’d be safe? I just don’t have any experience camping at those temperatures during the night so I’m unsure if it’s safe to do. We’ve got a handful of wool blankets we might bring too. I wouldn’t expect a very comfortable sleep but if it’s not something where we’re risking hypothermia I wouldn’t mind it",How cold can I push a 15 degree sleeping bag?,1,False,SemiterrestrialSmoke
camping,"I bought an Ozark Trail 3-Person Dome Tent from Walmart on clearance for $12, thought it was a steal and would be a nice backup tent for emergencies. Went to opened it up to see what it would look like and there were no poles with it. Should've known better that it was too good to be true. Anybody know the poles to get for this tent?",Replacement Tent Poles,1,False,austing024
camping,,"Auburn National Park, QLD, Australia",1,False,r64fd
camping,"2020 / Covid aside,  I'm looking for some general camping tips for the Southern California (Los Angeles) area. I'm an east coaster and I'm not quite used to the way weather works here: 85 during the day! -seventytrillion at night!! 

So: what's the ""right time"" of year to go camping here? not too hot during the day and not too frigid at night, that is to say. Are there any major west vs east coast differences (other than weather) I should be aware of? 

I've also scoured the internet for good campgrounds, but I'm all ears if you have suggestions. Dog-friendly! Thank you! &lt;3",SoCal Camping Tips,1,False,hackettkate
camping,,"La méthode Wim Hof: activez votre potentiel, transcendez vos limites (Ebook PDF)",1,False,merzakmhf
camping,,Mojave Desert,1,False,colehoots
camping,,Mojave Desert,1,False,colehoots
camping,,Just came back from an awesome camping trip around the Olympic peninsula in Washington. Definitely would recommend.,1,False,scocker23
camping,,NamibRand Nature Reserve - Namibia,1,False,MarinDogMama
camping,"Hey guys, how about this fire pit heater for camping?

I want to buy this for my coming camping.

Link: [Solikefire](https://www.solikefire.com/collections/fire-pits-1/products/yard-gas-brazier-portable-courtyard-metal-fire-pit-heater-19-zokop-u-s-standard-kld4004-52000btu-outdoor-camping-blackus-w)

https://preview.redd.it/ouoe0rzcl8861.jpg?width=640&amp;format=pjpg&amp;auto=webp&amp;s=d4ef8c3c703d793d488bc8560d99cfac5c7b2f58",How about this heater for camping,1,False,Peggy_Horan_22
camping,,Gear for a 5 night backpack trip in the BWCA at the beginning of January. Not pictured is the clothing and food.,1,False,gofarther0787
camping,,Looking for new camping spots near slc,1,False,LauraWhora420
camping,,"Must be that time of year again! Took this a while back in Algonquin Park, can't wait to do some more winter camping.",1,False,mikenmarkov
camping,,"Two Jack Lake Campsite - Banff National Park - Alberta, Canada",1,False,somewheredesigning
camping,,How to make a DIY Axe for Kids,1,False,jurcek99
camping,,A cold night on the Mississippi.,1,False,IrishRage42
camping,,How do you guys keep warm during the wintery months in your tent! I've been tossing around a few different ideas. Not so stoked on the propane heaters.,1,False,TytheJeepguy
camping,,New pulk sled for a weekend at St. Mary’s Glacier,1,False,hoostie
camping,,"Looking for camping recommendations in Texas! Trees, beaches, lakes, and especially free spots. 😉",1,False,sleepymogi
camping,"Anyone in the hammock camping community sure knows who Shug is.

I was watching a video of his, and I just thought, he looks a lot like Willem Dafoe. Does anyone agree?",Shug is Willem Dafoe's brother,1,False,DownVotesMeanTruth55
camping,,"My wife built a ""PeePee TeePee"" on our camping property",1,False,CantinaPatron
camping,,We left this morning for the everglades! Just pulled up about a hour ago.,1,False,Truthwillflow
camping,,"Quick car camping trip to scratch the itch, test some gear, and practice finally making a decent cup of coffee away from home.",1,False,mechPlumber
camping,,Low of 32F tonight and my son wanted to try his new bag and cot,1,False,Tr0yticus
camping,,My camp kitchen,1,False,AnnaPhor
camping,,Got a tent for my truck,1,False,Mysterious_West3582
camping,,No coverage no nothing,1,False,Murky_Floor4805
camping,,"Selbst im Corona Lockdown machbar, wenn man sich an die Regeln hält. Die TOP 100 Karte für jedes Bundesland mit Restaurants und Lokalitäten. Insgesamt über 1000 TOP-Adressen für Take-Away und ToGo POI´s (Point of Interests) für das ganz private Wohnmobil-Dinner im eigenen Wohnmobil.",1,False,camperhelp
camping,,Yea time,1,False,Reefer_Keefer
camping,,Solo Camp #alltrack,1,False,Gi_Giv
camping,,Solo Trip #alltrack,1,False,Gi_Giv
camping,,Palo Duro Last Fall,1,False,gwjw
camping,,Palo Duro Last Fall,1,False,gwjw
camping,"I have a small one man tent (they called it a bivy but it looks nothing like a bivy, just a small A frame tent) and I was wondering how to warm it up for the winter. Here's what I had in mind: Plastic ground cover, plastic sheet on floor inside the tent, foam sleeping pad, sleeping bag, warm night clothes, and a sheet of mylar on the ceiling of my tent. I'm sure it would be quite cozy, being a small well insulated tent. Would this work? Advice and thoughts please.",Would a plastic ground cover (among other things) keep a small tent warm?,1,False,joe-and-banjo
camping,Looking for scenic sites in Mojave Trails National Monument for this weekend.    Driving a Jeep with RTT.  Much obliged for suggestions on where to set cp and any thing else of interest. Happy New Year.,Dispersed camp sites in Mojave Trails?,1,False,markr4840
camping,,"Sunset at the Campsite in the Summer of 2020, Ontario, Canada",1,False,TheBenPac
camping,,"Check out the latest by U.S Adventure Brothers on YouTube! Like and Subscribe for more tips, tricks and camping ideas!",1,False,19james93
camping,,Christmas weekend on Lone Rock Beach.,1,False,_never_more_
camping,,Christmas was done a little differently this year.,1,False,ShortyAllDay
camping,"Preferably lightweight and cheaper, but I understand that out of quality, price, and convenience I get to pick 2.

Thanks all!",Best single person 4 season tent for winter camping?,1,False,trophypants
camping,,My impression of the Kovea All-In-One Mini stove. A decent solution for one or two people.,1,False,LFPhotog
camping,,Hot tent winter camping,1,False,Disbarred1204
camping,,"Took the GF and Friends camping for the first time. A lot of rain, but we had a grate time. (Brazil, São Francisco Xavier, SP)",1,False,flaviograna
camping,,Am new here and don’t know how this works.. Am a single lady from Ireland and lives in Maryland,1,False,bridgetiscute
camping,,Victorian High Country (Australia),1,False,mrejmer
camping,,"A good wake up like campers love it. Early in the morning of summer 2020, Lake Bovilla, Albania.",1,False,juicelemonicecream
camping,"Hey all!

I used to have a Oztrail 9/10 Sunroom for my camper trailer, though it was taken. 

Will any size sunroom fit on my trailer or will I have to buy a specfic one?

Thanks! :)",Will any sunroom fit on my camper trailer?,1,False,Benjji_
camping,I’m in Ontario and I’m talking like 50-100 meters off the highway by a nice lake for fishing,"In Canada, can I camp right next to the highway if it’s on crown land?",1,False,iLoveClassicRock
camping,"Have a group of 10-15 wanting to go unpowered camping but we want to go soon so only for 1 night 
I was keen for lake st Clair as it is big enough during school holidays it won’t be on top of each other but saw they have minimum night stay of 3 nights 
Must have decent water to swim in close to camp and able to have fires and preferably not too on top of eachother as may go aussie day weekend 
Somewhere around Maitland Newcastle singleton happy to travel 1 - 2 hours",Where can I camp for one night with water hunter rvalley,1,False,No_Pea_4201
camping,,Backpacking on The Colorado Trail!,1,False,kallihawkins
camping,,"Fast moving clouds on a moonlit cold night near Big Bear, CA in the San Bernardino National Forest",1,False,CertainlyUncertain_
camping,,Come Celebrate this New Year with Star Pawna Camping,1,False,amitkulkarniempire
camping,,"Bird Sounds - Morning Birds for Relaxation, Meditation, Yoga",1,False,lendimoore
camping,,What are your favorite/least favorite camping gear or gadgets and why?,1,False,CypressBreeze
camping,,"Tourists in Delhi dance to loud music inside the Atal tunnel, causing traffic jams.",1,False,Brilliant_Ad8845
camping,,Tunisia,1,False,DLHsan
camping,,Our camp for the night! :) anza borrego,1,False,dankcigs13
camping,"Me and two of my buds are meeting in Phoenix and diving north. We have 1 week to basically do whatever. Looking to camp / hike. Loosely considering Sedona , Grand Canyon , maybe Flagstaff and all the other basic stuff. We’re laid back and basically just looking to camp next to the car at free spots and maybe do 1 quick overnighter. Spots with fresh water would be cool to know about too. Thanks in advance ! 

TL;DR - 3 dudes camping Arizona for 1 week with a car , where should we go ?",Arizona Trip,1,False,ThatDuuuuuude
camping,,Went wild camping in Gran Canaria,1,False,floramora
camping,,"Back in the wild I go, and it's where I belong right now",1,False,SnooAvocados5908
camping,,"I don't have the heart to tell him, but at least 2020 will be over soon.",1,False,karne_asada
camping,,I want to go camping soon! I love it just like this!,1,False,BettybooAbt86
camping,,"Wishing I was here (white mountains, nh)",1,False,meow__meg
camping,,"Insane view from right outside my tent on a night in July in Mono county, California",1,False,dheera
camping,,Vango 1300m sleeping bag season/temperature rating?,1,False,psgunslinger
camping,,Dipkarpaz,1,False,MykolaH
camping,,Impressive drone footage of 5000km cycling and camping around the world | want more? Another 50.000km of camping waiting for you on Youtube.com/vaegabond,1,False,VAEGABOND
camping,,Set up camp with a group of friends near the cliffside of Grass island in Hong Kong. We were so lucky our tents were all facing the sunrise.,1,False,heyareyouok
camping,,Couples camp trip!,1,False,jjhawk011
camping,"Hello! 

A little over three years ago, I started a tradition of camping multiples times per year with my kids. We live in the PNW, so only camp in the summer because of the rain. 

I was a total newbie when it came to camping, and I spent three years amassing supplies after each trip. We’d come back and I’d think to myself “this would make our next trip better”, so I’d pick up whatever item that was. We had everything we needed and last summer took many camping trips. It was bliss. 

After one of our camping trips, I returned late in the evening and left my car packed because I planned on unpacking in the morning. My car was stolen overnight, and with it, all of our camping supplies were stolen as well. I recovered my car over a month later, but all of my supplies were long gone. 

I am slowly but surely replacing items that were stolen, but I keep having doubts that maybe I’m forgetting something important that made some of our previous trips easier or more enjoyable. I’ve just spent $400 on new gear, and it’s still not everything I have on my list. And I’m worried my list is incomplete. 

So, what are some must haves for you and your family supply wise? I have two children, my youngest is 5 and my oldest is almost 11. I’m a single mom, so it’s just me and the girls when we go on these trips. 

Things I have just purchased: 
-Nesting pot/pan set
-Folding cooking utensils 
-Tent (cabin style, actually an upgrade from our last) 
-Small two burner propane stove 
-Enamel dish set (with utensils) 
-Solar charger for devices (It’s just us, so I like to have my phone on and charged in case of emergency, if we have service) 
-Cooler 
-Kid sized air mattresses 
-Lantern that doubles as a spotlight 

Thanks so much for any recommendations you can offer!","Starting over, hoping for some input",1,False,ohnobugzilla2
camping,,Brand new cabin built,1,False,luckystrikerv
camping,,A great day out and so close to Brisbane!,1,False,4_Wheels_On_The_Road
camping,,"Decided to adopt today, very essential part of my gear/family I’ve been missing all along.",1,False,GOATx18
camping,,No better way to spend my time on a snowy day.,1,False,hitchslap1984
camping,,"Big bear, CA on Christmas night",1,False,bikeking19
camping,,"Jemez, new Mexico.",1,False,anything1357
camping,,Best camping buddy enjoying the views in Alabama Hills,1,False,mahimahimolamola
camping,,"Tis the Season. Camping with some lights at Nehalem Bay State Park, OR.",1,False,YoJimGo
camping,,@ badlands national park,1,False,JayAnne1111
camping,,Made two pot stands for the wood gas stove I made. This is the cooler one lol. Whatcha think?,1,False,AdventuresWSpackmann
camping,,"Utah lake has nearly zero access anymore, we still had a great time driving and enjoying the company. #weknowhowtowarmup",1,False,LauraWhora420
camping,,Traumatizing Camping Stories | Reddit Horror Stories,1,False,ScreamWithMeStories
camping,,Tunisia,1,False,DLHsan
camping,,Boxing day chilli camp out.,1,False,LauraWhora420
camping,[Remando](https://youtu.be/ogGBNKpUIVY),Remando por el Rio Lujan,1,False,Professional-Spray89
camping,,"CAMPING EL ACUEDUCTO, Segovia | Desde otro punto de vista.",1,False,Alive-Natural-6292
camping,,Dry Tortugas Camping Trip,1,False,DreamlessBai
camping,,Finally took some time to organize my camping gear over the Xmas weekend :D,1,False,goshzxc
camping,"Hello fellow commune-members. I’m planning on going camping with my friend in the highlands of the PA Grand Canyon this weekend. This trip will include a good deal of bushcraft. With the windwall, after you fill in the logs between the 4 poles in the ground, what knots do you have to do in order to ensure security? 

Also, on another note, what are some good knots in attaching a tarp to the back on the lean-to?

Thank you!",Windwalls and knots,1,False,vendaaiccultist
camping,"I want to make my own duraflame logs. I have a bunch of saw dust and I know they are made of sawdust and wax. What wax do they use? I heard they stoped using petroleum based paraphin wax in 2007 and I wonder what they are using now?

Also is it safe for me to use paraphin wax for this purpose or is it toxic?",What wax is used in duraflame logs,1,False,ender3838
camping,"I love camping and regularly go with friends. Often I'm available to go camping when my friends aren't and I end up not going. I'd love to try camping alone for the next few days and wondering about ideas of things to do (aside from what every lonely man does) 

For anyone who has gone camping on their own how do you pass your time? 

Drink, bushcraft, reading? All comments encouraged",Solo camping ideas (winter in ireland),1,False,ManufacturerSpare281
camping,,Tundra 4×4 Camper Tour – One Couples Ultimate Tiny Home On Wheels,1,False,wsurthehive
camping,,Girlfriend and I camped overnight in San Bernardino forest back in November. Woke up to a few inches of snow!,1,False,usefulshrimp
camping,"I want to make a cleanser for use in bodies of water. I know the recommendations etc so I am going to try and make my own. If I blend colloidal oatmeal, coconut oil, water and lavender. Could that be considered environmentally safe enough? I would use just a small amount. If not, any suggestions for ingredients that could work?",Body cleanser for the lake,1,False,PJTree
camping,,Just one of Lake Mead’s amazing coves I camped in 🏕,1,False,tcmisfit
camping,,Just one of Lake Mead’s amazing coves for dispersed camping 🏕,1,False,tcmisfit
camping,,"My wife had Brostrom surgery on Dec. 21. For Christmas, I wanted to give her a reason to circle a date on the calendar and look forward to plenty of car camping and adventuring once her ankle is all healed up.",1,False,TheMichaelN
camping,,"Wow, what a VIEW! Northern Sweden sure looks amazing! Location: 200km North of the Arctic Circle in Swedish Lapland.",1,False,AdamNEmma
camping,,Cooking on an open fire for Boxing Day,1,False,krudbag
camping,"Hi, happy campers,   
.  
I have a pretty straight-forward advice request. I am beefing up my (car camping) bedding layers for cooler nights, and I am trying to decide between getting a down blanket a la a Rumpl, or a military-style poncho liner ""woobie"".   
I don't do any snow camping, and I mostly tend to camp in Autumn, Spring and early Summer, but we're up in the mountains so it does still get chilly enough in the wee hours to cut the bones.   
.  
Weight is not an issue. My bedding pile currently sits at a silk sleeping bag liner inside a fleece sleeping bag liner inside a doubled 100% Merino wool blanket, with a hot water bottle at the heart. I also sleep on top of a sheepskin rug over my sleeping pad, and foil-topped foam mat as the final layer between the pad and my stretcher.   
(...I, uh, may be a bit of a cold sleeper. Just...just a little.)  
.  
Keen to hear your thoughts and experiences, I really need the help making up my mind. A blanket looks so silky but a woobie looks bomb-proof! Please assist.   
.  
Thanks in advance. :-)",A packable puffy blanket or a poncho liner? Which is better?,1,False,RubyStayne
camping,,Steak on the campfire. Delicious,1,False,gammonjoshua
camping,"I'm 13 and am going to start getting into hammock camping in Ontario, have anything I should know and like tips. It would be greatly appreciated",.,1,False,whyisthecivicspoolin
camping,Do they take smell away or remove bacteria or what? I seen it done by some guy who was showing his RV setup and poured some blueish chemicals I think into some place where the toilet.,What are the chemicals used to mix with human poop in RVs and what are they used for,1,False,Human12890
camping,,"Beach Trip, PNW Style",1,False,snowpound
camping,,"A freak microburst ransacked our campsite during dinner at Airport Tower, White Rim Trail, Canyonlands National Park, Utah",1,False,LFPhotog
camping,"Always wanted to go solo camping... never been camping in winter. 

Any suggestions for me?  It’d be car camping in a tent.",Tips for first time solo winter camping,1,False,jquarter06
camping,"So ever since I got out of the army, I've had the need to go camping for fun again. Because usually sleeping out in the woods sucks if you're training, but just having fun its great.

Trying to put together a basic bag, so far I got a small litefighter one man tent which I still have from the army, basic survival knife, e tool for digging a firepit, basic hygiene and repellants along with basic first aid. 

I know its odd to ask because I have a lot of camping experience, but I'm also trying to minimize on things and keep it simple. The only thing I plan on keeping that I plan on storing is the food.

Other than that, trying to find easy to pack and clean cookware, and just basics that would be great while reducing as much stuff packed as possible.",Trying to put together a simple camping pack thats simple and ready to go.,1,False,Palewhiteelf
camping,,"Beach camping on Christmas in Lake Powell, Utah",1,False,Stoltz3
camping,,Some way of a calming chill during the winter camping,1,False,1Risbo
camping,,Merry Christmas to me (just a day late).,1,False,chained2adesk
camping,,Merry Christmas! Super Excited to use my new gift. Did you get any camping gifts this year?,1,False,Sunshine2625
camping,,"First time solo camping at Down-to-Earth EcoShire, California 😊",1,False,SharkyGenZ
camping,"Hoping to go camping next weekend for a quick overnighter, any recommendations for a good location?

Right now we’re looking at Mojave National Preserve and Joshua Tree but we’ve never camp dispersed in those areas. Try to avoid the mountains because of snow/cold.

Thanks.",SoCal Dispersed Camping recommendations,1,False,notabumbleb33
camping,,"Camping at Eureka Dunes, Death Valley National Park, CA",1,False,LFPhotog
camping,,I wrote an ode to the tent after falling in love with camping this summer,1,False,thegirlandthelamb
camping,"I had planned to do a long weekend in Dolly Sods, West Virginia the weekend of New Year’s Day, but I just learned that the roads are closed January through April for winter safety. I’m looking for an alternative recommendation, basically anywhere ~6 hours from Philadelphia, PA. 

At Dolly Sods you can camp anywhere as long as it’s a certain distance from the road. Ideally I’d hope to find a similar situation but campgrounds are cool too. I just seem to be running into the issue that most places are booked or unavailable for booking next weekend. Looking for somewhere with really pretty trails...not so concerned about amenities.  I’m normally a backpacker but I’m going with some family that isn’t as into that so really it’s just important to have car access to carry stuff. Thanks in advance!","Alternative to Dolly Sods, WV",1,False,PracticalJudge
camping,,"Christmas along the Ford River, UP",1,False,PredictableBadger
camping,"I want one for camping. Something as a safety precaution just incase.  Also maybe wittling for fun, not super often though.  

 [Smith &amp; Wesson M&amp;P Clip Point Folding Knife | DICK'S Sporting Goods](https://www.dickssportinggoods.com/p/smith-wesson-mp-clip-point-folding-knife-17bteanwcytfldrxxcut/17bteanwcytfldrxxcut) 

 [Kershaw Scrip Drop Point Assisted Opening Knife | DICK'S Sporting Goods](https://www.dickssportinggoods.com/p/kershaw-scrip-drop-point-assisted-opening-knife-16kshuscrpxxxxxxxcut/16kshuscrpxxxxxxxcut) 

 [Gerber Knives Fast Draw Tanto Knife – Assisted Opening | DICK'S Sporting Goods](https://www.dickssportinggoods.com/p/gerber-knives-fast-draw-tanto-knife-assisted-opening-16grbufstdrwxxxxxcut/16grbufstdrwxxxxxcut) 

 [Smith &amp; Wesson M&amp;P U.G. Liner Lock Folding Knife | DICK'S Sporting Goods](https://www.dickssportinggoods.com/p/smith-wesson-mp-u-gliner-lock-folding-knife-19snwumpm20ggryxxcut/19snwumpm20ggryxxcut) 

 [Gerber Paraframe Mini Tanto Folding Lockback Knife | Cabela's](https://www.cabelas.com/shop/en/gerber-paraframe-mini-tanto-folding-lockback-knife) 

 [Smith &amp; Wesson ExtremeOps Folding Knife | Cabela's](https://www.cabelas.com/shop/en/smith-wesson-extremeops-folding-knife) 

 [Smith &amp; Wesson Tanto Folding Knife | Cabela's](https://www.cabelas.com/shop/en/smith-wesson-tanto-folding-knife) 

 [Smith and Wesson Border Guard Tanto Folding Knife | Cabela's](https://www.cabelas.com/shop/en/smith-and-wesson-border-guard-tanto-folding-knife) 

 [Smith &amp; Wesson Stonewash Folding Knife | Cabela's](https://www.cabelas.com/shop/en/smith-wesson-stonewash-folding-knife) 

 [Kershaw Starter Lockback Folding Knife | Cabela's](https://www.cabelas.com/shop/en/kershaw-starter-lockback-folding-knife) 

Personally like the style of the last 3.  But I want to make sure i get something that will last more than a week.  Something atleast a good bit strong. I really appreciate you guys.  This subreddit is very helpful.",Any of these good camping knives?,1,False,o1blique1
camping,Looking for a nice cooking table that is portable and easy to stow.,Suggestions for fold-up tables?,1,False,DukesDuke
camping,,The one piece of gear that has made a huge impact in my camping experience... A privacy tent!,1,False,LFPhotog
camping,,First time snow camping. This was near Beech mountain NC.,1,False,N85401
camping,,Eat healthy foods for breakfast eliminate the effects of aging,1,False,Latest-10bmnews
camping,,"Camping at Inn Town Campground, near Nevada City, CA. This is a really cool private campground in California’s Mother Lode country. Evidence of the gold rush surrounds the campground, and it’s not far from the impressive Empire Mill State Historic Site in Grass Valley.",1,False,LFPhotog
camping,"When setting up a tent, are you meant to be somewhat forceful with the pegs to get them into the eyelets?

Just wondering if they snap easily.",Beginner Question,1,False,laxluna
camping,,To freeze after sun hours or not to freeze...,1,False,meowmeowkitylicklick
camping,,Yay.,1,False,meowmeowkitylicklick
camping,,Tree-Thank you for your harvest.,1,False,meowmeowkitylicklick
camping,,"Camping at New Melones Lake, CA. HMU for local tips! Water has tons of fish! Great place to camp w/ a lake view",1,False,Luke2404sky
camping,,"New Zealand campers ""urged to pack a smoke alarm"" this summer - would you?",1,False,fresnel28
camping,,Spooky surroundings during camping on the Danube's island,1,False,1Risbo
camping,,"Camping at Trona Pinnacles, Trona, CA",1,False,LFPhotog
camping,,I need your Support Guys 🙏😔,1,False,Faisal_255
camping,Anyone have any experience with them and if they’re worth it?,Should I buy a pop up tent? Yes no? Go for it?,1,False,timegate_pathagoras
camping,,"Middle of the night at Virgin River campgrounds, Littlefield, AZ 2016.",1,False,PhotoAnthems
camping,"I recently went on a trip around the southwest/four corners region, with the planning to camp the whole time. I have a camp done 2 tent, so nothing special just a basic 3 season tent. However, I assume from the moisture in our exhalation, the tent was always icy on the inside which made it somewhat obnoxious to be in. Is there something that can be done to prevent the interior icing or is this a symptom of winter tent camping that we all must endure? It was really my first time doing winter camping in such low temperature. Texas winters are mild in comparison.",Preventing tent icing?,1,False,rovert_xih
camping,,What to do when your Japan Alps camping trip involves a bear encounter!,1,False,jwadventures
camping,,Backcountry in Great Sand Dunes National Park last year,1,False,radishgreen
camping,"From what I gather, you can wildcamp in certain national forests but only for about a month at a time, max. I fear forest rangers would catch on to me if I stayed too long.

Suppose I want to camp in the same place for 3 or 4 months, can you get special permission for this? Can I just find a secluded area deep in the forest on public lands and hope for the best?

Looking for some tips on how and where I could camp for this long without breaking any major laws/regulations. I’ve thought about asking permission to camp on private land, but that seems tedious and limiting.",Is it illegal to wildcamp on U.S. public lands for an extended period of time?,1,False,Meatball975
camping,Something simple me or a stranger can camp out in.,Can I build a cabin on public land?,1,False,drunkbackpacker
camping,,"A picture made with a Fuji GX617 panoramic camera at Murphy’s Hogback campsite, Canyonlands National Park, Utah",1,False,LFPhotog
camping,,Love the sleeping bag my best friend got me for Christmas. He really is awesome but please don't tell him that; his ego could already block the sun.,1,False,Proud2BeRVT
camping,,Catching some monsters to cook on the fire,1,False,Willburn1466
camping,,"Camping at State Line Cabin, Slate Ridge, near Gold Point, NV",1,False,LFPhotog
camping,,"Camping at Maze Overlook, Maze District, Canyonlands National Park, Utah",1,False,LFPhotog
camping,,"Camping at Moonscape Overlook, Factory Butte, Utah",1,False,LFPhotog
camping,Can you do dispersed camping in Los Padres?,Los Padres National Forest,1,False,thefutureslp
camping,"Me and my partner want to take a camping trip. Weve got a big budget for a high quality/luxurious tent setup. My partner doesn't have much camping experience and I want to make sure we have something spacious but a solid structure as it can be windy in our planned areas.

Also, are there any ways we can heat/ensure warmth in the tent?",Ultimate camping setup advice,1,False,chenaskiii
camping,"I would like to go camping, but I also don't want to freeze to death",Where is the best place to tent camp in the winter?,1,False,Crazed_waffle_party
camping,,Cartographic love from an overseas hiking lover! Source: www.fiverr.com/enrpas,1,False,magisterimmundi
camping,,"White Crack, Canyonlands National Park, Utah",1,False,LFPhotog
camping,I love using military surplus for a lot of my camping gear and for a while I have been contemplating getting a pair of soviet telogreika pants for winter time. Where I live winter campouts can quickly go from dry snow to wet rainy snow. Does anyone who has used telogreika pants for winter know how well they handle in the cold especially when wet from snow and the elements?,Telogreika for winter camping?,1,False,Nintendo1419
camping,"Hey y'all. New camper here. We've done dispersed with friends here in Colorado (tail end of summer, multi-day, did cooking, the whole thang) but are still very new to all this.

I'm planning a trip to Moab for my wife later next year and wondering some tips? ""Best"" time of year to go? Best to reserve a spot (we have a Ford Escape) or just roll up?

Honestly, any tips from people who've been would be huge. Thanks and happy holidays!!",Tips for Moab for a newbie?,1,False,JC_in_KC
camping,,Always sad to mourn the loss of a tree ✌🏽 but better days for me and several friends to go camping - FL,1,False,meowmeowkitylicklick
camping,"Live in Upstate NY, typically camp between July and August. Would like to camp more in 2021, what months in the North East are comfortable to camp? Is it Memorial Day to Labor Day, or more? 

My assumption is swapping out our warm weather bags with colder rated bags and heavier clothes will expand the season, looking more for the general guide as to when to avoid a situation where even with proper gear it's just a miserable time.",Camping 'Season',1,False,Hardwood_Lump_BBQ
camping,"Hi all,

I've been car camping for years, my parents always used to take me as a kid and now I do it on my own.

I want to try hiking somewhere more secluded and camping lighter. I just have no idea where to go, where to look online. Do I make reservations? Do I just have to know someone who knows?

Thanks!",Question: How the hell do you find hikeup campsites?,1,False,buckness1012
camping,,A story about camping in Denali National park during a storm,1,False,popotbn
camping,,Canoe Camping at Night•,1,False,Caccv
camping,,Batman in the Georgia Woods,1,False,Caccv
camping,"Hi friends!

&amp;#x200B;

Hopefully if things turn out well with the vaccines and all and traveling is allowed this summer, boyfriend and I wanna get a caravan and take a road trip across Europe. Are there any camping sites you guys would recommend, preferably around Central Europe? Also, it would help if you could write down any advice for a long-ish road trip?

&amp;#x200B;

Thank you guys in advance!",Camping sites in Europe,1,False,matanginix
camping,,"Abseits von Camping. Mit Philips Hue LED Licht für klasse Stimmung und Ambiente sorgen. Bei Partys, im Wohnzimmer, auf der Terrasse und für grossartige Kinoabende. #Advent #Ambiente #Beleuchtung #CampingDahoam #Fasching #Geburtstag #Halloween #Heimkino #Offtopic #Silvester #Stimmung #Weihnachten",1,False,camperhelp
camping,,"Pic from our trip to the boundary waters from this summer, can’t wait to go again!",1,False,No_Variety_4365
camping,,Vidéo de présentation du camping Le P'tit Bonheur en pleine nature avec ...,1,False,Topmodel66
camping,,Cheers,1,False,Once_An_Optimist
camping,"Just to start, I live in San Diego. So me and some of my buddies are looking for somewhere to camp where we can just drive to a place, wether it’s off-roading or on a unpaved road, and set up camp right outside the car. The farther from people the better. So I’m hoping some of y’all know some cool lowkey places you can get to. Thanks",Places to camp in Southern California?,1,False,Cellist649
camping,,Camping at collier seminole state park (Florida),1,False,lizguin
camping,,Just finishing up 2020 with a power outage in Jacksonville where we decided to vacation with the girlfriends parents. Yay! Next year will be better they say.,1,False,Built4Running
camping,"I have aluminium mess tins but they always seem to have a blackish residue come off from inside even after cleaning several times. Would stainless steel mess tins be any better, or what do ye use thats not too heavy, will take a wayfarer meal and has no problems over fire?",Whats the best cooking pot for hiking/ camping for for fire cooking?,1,False,Nextpage101arigh
camping,,カラス撃退 レーザーポインター 効果携帯性抜群 固定焦点懐中電灯式1000mwレッドレーザーポインター,1,False,No_Farm7355
camping,,My first fish!!!!,1,False,Gavincaglia
camping,,"Merry Christmas from our girls, in our little corner of the world",1,False,Hotmess6445
camping,"Daftar dan mainkan Game Judi Online kesukaan anda .

&amp;#x200B;

Cukup dengan modal 25.000 anda sudah bisa meraup untung hingga jutaan rupiah setiap harinya.

&amp;#x200B;

Coba dan rasakan sensasi kemenangan bersama ituGOL .

&amp;#x200B;

Kami Menyediakan Pendaftaran Menggunakan :

Bank Lokal Indonesia , E-Money Gopay, Ovo, Link Aja, Dana dan Lainnya ...

&amp;#x200B;

Kami Online 24 Jam dan siap membantu

&amp;#x200B;

Hubungi kami di WhatsApp : +855 9394 7469

&amp;#x200B;

Akses Link ituGOL : www. TIGAGOL .com

&amp;#x200B;

\#itugol #agenjudionline #situsjudionline #bandarjudionline #indonesia #jakarta #bandung #cashback #bonus #bandaronline #sabungayam #tembakikan #agenonline #viralindonesia",Cara Daftar Game Online,1,False,LayananITUGOL
camping,,a snail's adventure,1,False,Few_Pilot1568
camping,,Set up my Christmas gift in the back yard!,1,False,samwe
camping,"There are many [things to do on Christmas eve 2020](https://eddielimo.com/things-to-do-on-christmas-eve-holiday-2020/) with all safety and proper covid-19 guidelines for Christmas. Social distancing movie theatres, private luxurious car rides, traditional meal, Books and booze.

Read more @ [https://eddielimo.com/things-to-do-on-christmas-eve-holiday-2020/](https://eddielimo.com/things-to-do-on-christmas-eve-holiday-2020/)",Things to do on Christmas Eve | Safety Guidelines 2020,1,False,eddielimoservice
camping,,"Husband and I live in Vegas. We want to go camping but there are signs and websites that say campfires are prohibited. HOWEVER, the Parks.nev.Gov site say that all restrictions have been rescinded. Would you follow signs in the parks, Red Rock for example, or go by the notice posted in the pic??",1,False,AndASideOfPotatosPls
camping,,Sold my tent...but have great memories,1,False,boobiesiheart
camping,,Little riverside fire to close out the day,1,False,LukaDoncicMVP20_21
camping,,"Beach camping at Grand Isle State Park, Louisiana.",1,False,acadianabites
camping,,A photo from my first winter camping adventure!,1,False,jodidiane
camping,,Canvas Wall Tent Camping near BWCA Minnesota This Week!,1,False,jodidiane
camping,,"View from a great BLM spot in Las Cruces, NM",1,False,zuzuofthewolves
camping,,"Since everyone like the stream picture so much, here's the view overlooking the lake it feeds into.",1,False,Krazy_Karl_81
camping,,A calming cup of coffee by the fire before the christmas bells ring.,1,False,magnhusphoto
camping,,26 Days at the brazilian jungle. Hard work but tons of fun,1,False,flaviograna
camping,,Camping in the Gila National Forest of New Mexico with some lovely hot springs,1,False,zuzuofthewolves
camping,,A calm cup of coffee by the fire before the christmas bells ring.,1,False,magnhusphoto
camping,"Unsure if this is allowed but here we go...

I’ve been wanting to go wild camping in the U.K. for quite a while but I e wanted to go somewhere in to forests instead of a Heath, which seems to be most of the parks in the U.K. 

Does anyone know any good forests where you can wild camp and be not likely to run into anyone while your out there?",Camping in the U.K.,1,False,Padd_U
camping,,"Blue springs state park, a manatee kind of day for me and the wife",1,False,Hotmess6445
camping,,Peaceful Fire Sounds 2021,1,False,Historical-Ad-9902
camping,,Doctor Email List Database | List of 5.2 Million Doctors in USA,1,False,latashiajosektb
camping,,Somewhere in Croatia.,1,False,l0nes0mec0wb0y1306
camping,,Back in August I walked across Ireland coast to coast,1,False,pangea89
camping,"Hello all! Currently asking if anyone knows safe places to camp legally in PA. Not some lot with a grill or anything, I mean free range locations devoid of civilization that are legal to camp at and without worry of encountering hunters. Far from a town with a real rural feel to it, some place where one could build a shelter","Free range camping in Pennsylvania, USA",1,False,vendaaiccultist
camping,,"Limeira-SP Brazil, between 1987 and 1990",1,False,hergert0_0
camping,Any suggestions for camping that is open right now within about 400 miles of so cal.? Hubby doesn't like cold...I know...not likely but thought I would try!!,One week off!,1,False,AlternativeEducator8
camping,"Enjoy a very delightful time with friends last night!

Fire pit party, who wanna enjoy us?

https://preview.redd.it/89dercsk42761.jpg?width=600&amp;format=pjpg&amp;auto=webp&amp;s=99573c98d1c5eb60a236adfd72d9ef445043eb56",Fire Pit Party,1,False,Peggy_Horan_22
camping,,"GRITMAPS, a ZINE OF FREE CAMPSITES: hand-drawn maps to free vehicle and tent sites across the Northeast US, plus musings on low impact camping and LNT -- copies at gritmaps.com",1,False,gritmaps
camping,,Couple December days on Manistee River Trail / NCT,1,False,djweakbeats
camping,,One last bonfire in Arizona before returning to the cold Midwest,1,False,tcmisfit
camping,Those newer synthetics look like I could tear them easily and wouldnt think they could hold heat.  Canvas is heavy though.,Any suggestions for an affordable hot tent? I’m torn between traditional canvas and the newer synthetics. I will be only dweller.,1,False,confederateGreyhound
camping,"Have any of you done it? I’m currently 70 miles from home... turns out I left my sleeping pad in my gear closet. Bummer. I’m on the fence about driving back (I really don’t want to). My sleeping bag is rated to 15 degrees, and it should dip just below freezing here tonight. What do you think?",Sleeping in your car without a pad,1,False,Whatadamnview
camping,,Southern Illinois,1,False,ZRX1200R
camping,,What happened in a tent while you were camping that you will never forget?,1,False,Grottedcly
camping,Straight up I will pay you for cool random sticks you find on your adventures. I am starting a staff making as a hobby and figured I could throw a bit of money towards anyone who can help my grow my back up stock for projects. willing to cover shipping too,Looking to buy sticks,1,False,I_Buy_Cool_Sticks
camping,,"Re my previous 2 posts... I finished my 24h charity hike... forgot how hilly Yorkshire was, weather was crap and land nav by headlamp is hard haha. (42 miles)",1,False,jow97
camping,,Indian Peaks Wilderness BZ,1,False,RawlTan
camping,,What gear do you take camping?,1,False,ZootilityNews
camping,,Guess who’s coming to town?,1,False,Next-Carob
camping,,Some Awesome Camper Trailers in the World!,1,False,NipplyGoodNess
camping,"I’m in my mid 20’s and I never had sex or had a girlfriend before so I have a lot of pent up sexual frustrations within me so once I get my first girlfriend she will be so sexually abused in a good way that she will never be the same. Every inch of her will be felt up, savoured, roughly and delicately treated, she will never be the same again. Felt up, pinched, scratched, slapped, biting, I will do all of this to her body and make sure she will never be the same again in a good way. Her body will be so ravaged that I will wonder how she can still talk to her parents. Their adult daughter would have been sexually ravaged and changed from head to toe, mentally and especially physically.",Once I get my first girlfriend she will never be the same,1,False,Jabaggs
camping,,Hoosier National Forest,1,False,ZRX1200R
camping,Looking for best camping spots you have visited in Midwest...thank you for any suggestions!,Any Midwestern Camping Gems?,1,False,Caravaggio_Calendar
camping,,Our site from our most recent trip to Cherokee Rock Village,1,False,WesWizard_2
camping,,Holiday Mid-Week Camp Surprise For Kona. Northwest Arkansas,1,False,Cpt-Zissou
camping,,"FLORIDA TENT camping suggestions, with doggy. Anything you can suggest, from north to center florida and also Miami area.",1,False,bernardo123x
camping,,"camping recomandations in Florida, dog friendly",1,False,bernardo123x
camping,,A little slice of heaven.,1,False,billionaire_bear
camping,,Anyone out here use a Gazelle T4 plus? If so how do you rate it for both hot and cold weather?,1,False,PopPalsUnited
camping,,My favorite camping location.,1,False,Krazy_Karl_81
camping,,How to work on Small Business Budget for SEO,1,False,surajwebi7
camping,,Had some visitors at the tent in the morning,1,False,torpleknoped
camping,"&amp;#x200B;

https://preview.redd.it/36plqoh5kw661.jpg?width=1080&amp;format=pjpg&amp;auto=webp&amp;s=dccd70e77b3f833ce56c0b7d960800d0cf14674d",Camping BBQ,1,False,jasonisok
camping,,The benefits of Sitting by the Fire,1,False,Historical-Ad-9902
camping,"Just gonna buy a cheap 2 person tent, a small furnace cooker, a tub to keep my food and some clothing gear. I'm planning to go stay a few nights somewhere this christmas (I'm in the southern hemisphere so it's in the middle of summer, no need for thermal stuff) 

Anything else I could buy?","Going to buy a tent and some supplies, what do you reccomend?",1,False,bigmanwoks29
camping,,Wall Tent Edition,1,False,TheOriginalElstonGun
camping,,"Hey Everyone, New Member as of Today - Though I would share a view of a favorite place - photo from 1930's Family Album - Still looks almost the same, except the road is now only a path.",1,False,EvilBobLives
camping,,My French press broke.... so I made... handkerchief coffee. It was actually really good ... if you are camping and have no other way to make coffee....,1,False,tender_f1sh_st1ck
camping,,"A nice set up to make my way south... I managed to only stop for gas, and have mastered the pee funnel.",1,False,tender_f1sh_st1ck
camping,,It’s wasn’t bad,1,False,tender_f1sh_st1ck
camping,,"Night sky views from camp in Big Bend National Park. Spent 4 nights camping at different back country sites, the site names are in the captions of the photos.",1,False,rexx4315
camping,"I do outreach for an organization that connects homeowners to homeless people to supply and maintain camps in garages.  I need a photo for our web page that shows what these camps look like.  I need someone to pose, smiling, sitting on a cot with a sleeping bag, camp toilet, electric heater, electric hot plate with a pot on top, hand sanitizer, and water jug as though they are camping in the garage.  This will help people - thank you!


Thousands of landlords are already illegally evicting people who are unable to pay their rent due to losing their jobs to COVID.  When the new eviction moratorium runs out in a month, millions of people will become homeless through no fault of their own.  It's not possible to house these new homeless in already-overburdened homeless shelters, and emergency housing like stadiums are not reasonable solutions because they will facilitate the spread of COVID.  As with so many things in the USA, it falls upon ordinary people to find a solution.  Many homeowners can spare a few square feet in their garage for someone in need.  We can change the lock on your kitchen door to make it more secure, fund rental insurance, provide you with a rental contract that frees you from worry or liability, run background checks on prospective guests, bring your guest food and help them meet needs like laundry and hygiene, and support you in providing desperately-needed space to someone in need.  Tents don't last long enough for people to survive on the street - we need a more effective solution for the few months it will take for this crisis to end and for people to get back on their feet.  Most of the people who will soon become homeless have never been without a job or home in their lives.  They will be ready and eager to get back to normalcy.  To learn more and get involved, please join our group on Facebook, COVID Homeless Action Plan.  Thanks for reading!","I'm forming an organization to help the homeless camp in garages. I need a picture for the website. Show me your setup with you on a cot - in a garage, please!",1,False,Lead_Sulfide
camping,,"I stayed warm all night thanks to you guys! Unfortunately, I wasn’t expecting the bitter and fast winds.",1,False,haileymcr26
camping,,Who makes this hatchet?,1,False,loccini
camping,,What is this axe called?,1,False,loccini
camping,,Two night trip to George Washington national forest with 10° nights,1,False,jackpowell
camping,,Any good links for what a beginner camper needs to buy before starting?,1,False,krazyeyeztina
camping,,Florida Poison Plants guide by UF IFAS,1,False,MasterGardenerUF
camping,,Strong Duty Leash ，Dog Leash with Comfortable Padded Handle for Medium t...,1,False,Potential_Delivery_2
camping,,bluelight of evening..in NYS..Hudson Highlands,1,False,yellowmoose52
camping,,Me when i set up the tent in the back yard for the very first time.......,1,False,ryguy_ftw
camping,,Cheaha Mountain in Alabama,1,False,sheepdog578
camping,,I was about to buy the vargo no fly tent but I am starting to think there are better options. What would be the better options?,1,False,ilikerealmaplesyrup
camping,"Hello!   


I'm planning a few treks around Ireland this summer. Hoping to stay the night a few times in my tent. Any advice on camping in the country?   


Do I need to stealth?   
Could I be arrested? 

Etc. 

&amp;#x200B;

Thank you!!!",Advice: Any advice on stealth tenting in Ireland?,1,False,Suby17
camping,,Teddy Roosevelt National Park,1,False,Gigawattx
camping,"Looking for a place to camp next week and I'm having a hard time figuring out what's open. This will be my second trip and it seems like most state parks are closed. Any leads that aren't too far up north would be helpful!

-prefer no desert areas, I lived in Arizona for 10 years and that was enough for me lol 

Thanks guys!",Anything open around SoCal?,1,False,sayders
camping,,The wind inside the forest!! The Rimutakas hiking overnight 90km wind!,1,False,Bizbuz100
camping,,"Wave Rock, Western Australia",1,False,SecretShy
camping,,Cheap Walmart tent stealth camping 🏕,1,False,TatisAdventures
camping,,Paradise doesn’t have to be tropical,1,False,jayfkim
camping,[removed],6W 9W 12W RV LED 12v DC Light Bulb Camper Trailer Marine E27,1,False,SimilarConfection938
camping,,6W 9W 12W RV LED 12v DC Light Bulb Camper Trailer Marine E27,1,False,SimilarConfection938
camping,,First camping this winter 🥶,1,False,TatisAdventures
camping,,100 Subscriber giveaway,1,False,Andrew-Hayward
camping,,Anno Domini 2020 : A 4x4 Camp Trip,1,False,DonegalOverlanding
camping,,That morning view at Möhnesee 🇩🇪,1,False,joand001
camping,,"Found some snow on Siler Bald, NC",1,False,Travelin_Lite
camping,,"After torrential rain all night finally cleared for 10 minutes in the morning, Levers Water, Lake District, UK",1,False,DrQuackerz12
camping,,"What do you guys think about Hammocking? Hammock and Tarp set up, UK wild camping",1,False,Tom_Owens
camping,"Looking for some like minded folks to adventure the Banff and Canmore areas mid January 2021 for a couple wee,s. 
Hiking 
Snowshoeing
Food
Good vibes
Skating","Anyone going to be in the Canmore, Alberta area mid January to the first week of February? Would like to meet some folks for some recreational fun.",1,False,Dustenahawboldt
camping,"I am looking for a hub tent with a stove jack so that I can set up a hot tent for winter camping. I don't really like the teepee style hot tents on the market and haven't seen a manufacturer that makes hub tents with built in stove jacks. Please comment if anybody makes a hub tent with a stove jack, thanks!",Hub Tent with Stove Jack,1,False,davey_Mk-1
camping,,A great camping spot,1,False,Diamond357257
camping,"Hello, I’m about to go camping on my own for the first time ever and the first time camping in nearly 5 years. Because of this, I starting getting my own gear and bought one of the 16 oz propane tanks for my 2 burner stove. I wanted to ask if it would be enough to last me three days camping, cooking twice a day? Any info helps. Thanks!",Question about propane tanks,1,False,jacobtaylorgibson
camping,"Hi y'all! I'm from NC but living in VA and don't think I've ever really hiked down south.

Anyways, I plan to do a day hike and then stay in a shelter one night. I considered in the Roan Mtn and Carver's Gap area. Also open to driving 15-30 mins after I hike to find a shelter

Or...how busy would the Roan Mtn shelter or nearby be? I've used shelters in VA, MD, PA last few months and I've been alone each time and things weren't busy. Just was wondering what to expect in the evening at the shelters. I imagine due to the cold it'll be pretty quiet. Is leaving car in the lots overnight okay? I'm a pretty experienced hiker.

Ideally wouldn’t wanna hike more than 30 mins from parking.",Shelters near Roan Mtn? Near-ish to parking,1,False,zach216
camping,"Simple thaught I've had. Say you had 24h, sunrise to sunrise and you had to carry your own gear. How far could you hike over reasonably fair terrain? 

Place your bets below!","24 hours, unsupported. How far could you get?",1,False,jow97
camping,"I think we've all seen the penny can stoves that were all the rage a while ago. What I'm wondering is, can it be made larger? For hiking, the compact design is perfect, but it's not ideal for a camp kitchen. Is there any reason that a larger, less portable design wouldn't be doable (say, would there not be enough pressure in a larger container?)","Is it possible to up-size the penny can stove? Say, to the size of a soup can or coffee tin?",1,False,KevMan18
camping,"I recently installed a 12 inch RCI back rack and the Decked Storage System. Leaving me with a clearance of 16 inches between the two. This was about a month after purchasing an RTIC cooler which is about 17 inches tall. 

My question is, do you guys have any advice on a cooler similar in quality which could fit in a 16/15 inch tall space?

I’m going to begin researching tonight, but any advice is appreciated!
Thank you.",Cooler Advice.,1,False,naitserk_78
camping,,"I pulled a sled out to a spot I know for a solo overnight at about 10,000 ft. It was very cold and extremely windy, but the sundome held up",1,False,TheAtomak
camping," I'm  driving from Brownsville to DC in January. What would your  recommendations of places to camp/hike along the way? My only  plan so far is to do some hiking in the smoky mountains.

 Thanks!","Recommendations for places to camp between Brownsville, TX and Washington, DC.",1,False,just_start_doing_it
camping,,Rosary lakes backpacking,1,False,Riley_Maes
camping,,"Traeger Scout - saw this recently at Costco, and was intrigued. Thoughts?",1,False,WhiskeynCoffee
camping,,Cant go camping without my cast-iron.,1,False,TennesseeTyler1776
camping,"Over a couple years I’ve acquired all the stuff I need for a regular camping trip and learned a lot about what to and not to bring. But the first couple times out I was definitely finding stuff I wish I had brought. 
Next weekend I’ll be taking a trip out for the weekend to camp.
I’ll be in Maine. 
There is snow and it is cold. 20-30s all day. Mid teens at night 
I do plan on sleeping in my Jeep. 
Anyone have any tips for things that might be needed that maybe an average camper wouldn’t think about?",Tips For Winter Camping,1,False,GottaUseFakeNames
camping,,Is it still a smore if the chocolate is not melted?,1,False,TennesseeTyler1776
camping,,Anyone want at-cost magnets or earrings or pins? I’m autistic and make them for fun! (Will accept donations for shipping and materials),1,False,AutisticUnit2
camping,,First snowy camp of the year.,1,False,Thisguy2345
camping,,"Trying dispersed camping in national forest land (vs campgrounds at the big popular parks) was a revelation!! This was the view from my campsite. It was free, uncrowded, and more beautiful than any campsite I've ever had. Flathead National Forest, MT. Right next to Glacier.",1,False,Elucidate_that
camping,,Used Tent! How do I clean it? Explanation in comments.,1,False,ffsm92
camping,,Chair Skis,1,False,Don-Mooselander
camping,,Does anyone have the Karin Dimitrovova guide?,1,False,Lumpy_Connection_262
camping,,Here’s a little video clip from the morning of that storm. This was me coming out of the tent. Lol at first you could barely see it. It was completely covered.,1,False,AdventuresWSpackmann
camping,"My old tabletop weather radio finally bit the dust.  I had wanted to upgrade it for some time.  I live in Tornado Alley, and the old tuner lived in the concrete bunker that I built into the house.  Yeah, it's got steel doors too.  Sleeping in the tornado shelter is one of our wonderful spring sports here.    


Last time I was soloing in the BWCA I was really wishing I had a portable weather radio.  Storm on the horizon - is it coming this way?  How bad?  Some of these weather radios come with a hand crank to charge them, but look like they'd be boat-anchor heavy to carry on a camping trip.  I'm not really into Ultralight, but I carry about half the weight my closest buddy does, and never miss anything. (He carries three flashlights, all of them heavier than my one, just as an example.)  Anyone use a portable weather radio out in the field?  What's good?  How heavy is it?",Weather Radio,1,False,Henri_Dupont
camping,[removed],Hawaii's Kilauea Volcano Erupts On Big Island,1,False,Wise-Measurement-396
camping,,Campsite from a few years ago in the Unitas Wilderness in Utah. One of the best campsites I’ve been to!,1,False,MangyMoose81
camping,"Hi all. I am an adult (read mid 30's) and I feel like I should be more creative with this but am looking for help. This summer, Camping was a great emotional boost, I loved doing it, and it helped keep me sane, the quiet contemplativeness of it, being in nature. Now we've reached the dark winter. Does anyone have any suggestions for activities that fill the same emotional spot as camping, that are not it, and are covid friendly? I can think of winter hiking, fire pits, but are there other ideas you could suggest that are less obvious? Should I go to a park and fire up my gas grill just to simulate the camp cooking? How do you all survive the winter. 

\-Yours in Camping-",Camping Alternatives in the Winter?,1,False,ChedwardCoolCat
camping,[removed],Camping done right! Slovenia is so beautiful. Enjoying the view at lake Jasna from my trunk w/ my Dreamcase set-up.,1,False,Dreamcase_CarBed
camping,"Wife and I moved to North Carolina, looking for any suggestions for campgrounds with good good hiking trails? It’s us 2 and 2 golden retrievers who of course would join us! Doesn’t have to be a defined/developed campground but we are beginners, only have camped a handful of times throughout our lives. Any suggestions would be awesome!",Seeking recommendations in NC,1,False,njcarls2
camping,,Recently my friends and I went on a hiking trip to a nearby hilly area in the outskirts of Hyderabad. The rocks were aligned in a way forming a roof for us while we camped till sunset.,1,False,gaandu_baddu
camping,"I’ve never had this problem except for the last two times I’ve been camping. The first time it was hot outside and we were using an AC unit in the tent. This past weekend it was 40* out and I had an electric space heater in the tent. Both times I woke up with either puddles or an extremely damp sleeping bag between the tent floor/ air mattress or air mattress and open sleeping bag I was using underneath another sleeping bag.

Any recommendations on how I could mitigate this?",Condensation/moisture between sleeping bag and air mattress or tent floor and air mattress - how to prevent?,1,False,mynameiskeven
camping,,Toyota Unveils Ultimate Overlanding Rig: The TRD-Sport Trailer - Toyota USA Newsroom,1,False,TeutonicOwl
camping,,5 things to know when you finally decide to be an RV driver - Jed_dah,1,False,jed_dah
camping,,Just a little Christmas season overnight in the Colorado Rockies,1,False,Coddiwompler22
camping,enjoyed another fire in the snow with a little bourbon,Best part of snow. day bourbon,1,False,Top_Feedback9305
camping,,Might be the best place I’ve camped,1,False,luvtomaketrouble
camping,,Nothing better than winter when all the popular spots are empty,1,False,eddyJroth
camping,"I'm in the UK and looking for a small portable heater that's good Ann's cvan either take butane gas or battery's,is there such a thing?
Thanks again",Question regarding portable heaters?,1,False,Oji-1975
camping,,Dry Tortugas National Park at sunrise,1,False,metarchaeon
camping,,Turismo Virtual *Roraima*m- BRAZIL,1,False,redeturismobrasil20
camping,"Hello,

I am in the hunt for two camping lighting solutions:

* one for internal tent (I saw few with fan integrated)
* one for external lighting of the camping area (I saw few with a very tall pole)

I am a ""freak"" in terms of brand (if possible I would get all the same brand), therefore, shout out the brands and models :P 

better battery to replace of USB rechargeable?",Best LED lamp for inside tent and external lighting (with pole),1,False,IP_FiNaR
camping,,fire start lesson 10 ONE,1,False,sledhead34
camping,What do u experts recon are some good present ideas for my dad for Christmas. He is a pretty casual camper and goes a few times a year. Not looking to spend to much either. What do you guys think.,Good Christmas present ideas for my dad?,1,False,CookyMellow
camping,"As a child, I used to ADORE camping! Roasts, s'mores, sodas, etc. I even loved camping during my teenage years, as I recalled camping out with friends dressed as Union soldiers and living it up shooting muskets in the backwoods!

However, a little under two years ago, I was homeless for roughly 6 months, maybe more. I lived out of a tent, walking around and cooking over a camping pot. It was the only thing I could afford. I got out of that life and have a roof over my head again. A friend of mine asked if I wanted to go camping with him and at first, I was interested, but honestly, I backed out at the last minute as it reminded me of being homeless and I couldn't think of anything but sleeping in a tent, keeping warm by a fire, and just existing again.

I've never been one to ""glamp"" but I also feel like my camping spirit has been hindered a great deal. Any ideas on how to make camping feel like camping again, rather than just being temporarily homeless again?",How do I make camping feel like camping again?,1,False,SupremeEmperorNoms
camping,,"Seeking recommendations for a reasonably priced, reasonably lightweight 1p freestanding tent for multi-day mid-season hunting trips. Thanks!",1,False,lateraline88
camping,,UAE’s top hiking trail - Canyoning in Wadi Shawka,1,False,Parisnorriss
camping,,Pokemon Go Hack Android/iOS 🔥 Pokemon Go Spoofing Joystick GPS &amp; Teleport 🔥 2020,1,False,PhysicsBackground162
camping,,What’s on the other side of Spider Gap,1,False,PKGcarrygoods
camping,,3 night kayak camping in South Louisiana.,1,False,FIGJAM98
camping,,"Mom says we can’t go camping, can we do the thing again",1,False,FIGJAM98
camping,,I’m months behind the trend but I finally sorted my gear closet.,1,False,fuglyfoot
camping,,Wife said I can’t go camping because I need to spend time at home. Haha nice try lady,1,False,FIGJAM98
camping,"My father suggested I pack up my Prius and drive from SE Wisconsin across to the North West coast of the United States and take 7-12 days to camp along the west coast. 

I would be doing this during the first three weeks of January however. I know the NW doesn’t get as cold as the Midwest but I was looking at average temps and the lows at night still dip down into the 30’s. I have a good sleeping bag rated for 0 so I’m not totally opposed to camping in that cool of weather but I was curious if anyone on the sub had experience camping in the NW during the winter months. 

Also looking for general advice on where to go if there is another spot in the country that’s good for camping in January and also has campsites that are open due to covid and such.",Looking to take a camping trip during my Winter Break. Just looking for advice from those with experience.,1,False,Hiiawatha
camping,,Best Mosquito Misting System Review - Mistaway Gen III by Automatic Mosquito Control - YouTube,1,False,elviaqqcuddqqq1
camping,,Camped at Sequoia National Park a few months ago. It was perfect.,1,False,leadnuts94
camping,"Hi guys i'm super new to this whole camping thing, this year has been mental and I've decided to plan my first ever camping trip for the upcoming spring. 

What did you pack in your bag for your first camping trip? considering to bring a hammock instead of a tent, maybe only one night. any advice would help thanks!",what do you pack for your FIRST camping bag,1,False,eastz824
camping,,"Impulse day trip - Blackwater, FL",1,False,meowmeowkitylicklick
camping,"Hi all, 

I'll be going on my first camping trip next week. A somewhat spontaneous decision but will be going with a mate who has most of the camping gear. 

I just need to get a sleeping bag and my question is this. I'll be going in mid summer (Australia- 20 C nights). Can I get away with buying and using a good spring/autumn sleeping bag that are designed for around 5 C weather? 

This might be a silly question and the answer is probably ""yes if you want to sweat like a donkey and get no sleep"". I'm just thinking it might be smart to buy a sleeping bag that I can use for 3 seasons rather than 1. 

Please help! Has anyone done something similar?",New to camping! Sleeping bag question,1,False,Risk_Analyst_CFA
camping,,"When you go camping, bring your dog. (Devils Lake, WI)",1,False,FMbutterpants
camping,,My first time camping in King's Canyon my friends took me on The Mist Falls hike through the canyon. This view really took my breath away. [OC],1,False,Meaderlord
camping,,Start your free 1 month trial on audible and enjoy world's biggest collection of audiobooks,1,False,shjsksksfndlslsgsh
camping,My wife and I are taking our two daughters (8&amp;10) to Custer state park at the end of August. We’d love to hear your opinions on the best places to tent camp. Thanks!,Any opinions on the best camping in Custer state park?,1,False,urbanachiever14
camping,,Hey everyone if you’re interested I uploaded the video from when I slept in the Walmart tent in the snowstorm. Check it out. Thanks for watching,1,False,AdventuresWSpackmann
camping,,"I enjoy watching other's gear dump videos, so I thought I'd share my own!",1,False,ZombieHatred
camping,,Truck camping elevated,1,False,mynameis__jonas
camping,,"Night sky views from our campsites at Big Bend National Park. We camped in 4 different back country campsites, the names of the campsites are in the captions of the photos",1,False,rexx4315
camping,,"Night sky views from our campsites in Big Bend National Park. We spent 4 nights camping at different back country sites, so the campsite names are in the captions of the photos.",1,False,rexx4315
camping,,"Night sky views from our campsites in Big Bend National Park. We camped 4 nights at 4 different back country locations, so the individual campsite names are in the caption of each photo.",1,False,rexx4315
camping,,"Last camping trip of the year! - Manistee National Forest, Michigan",1,False,WBoluyt
camping,,When mom doesn’t allow you to go camping.,1,False,Whatevr69
camping,,"Follow U.S Adventure Brothers on YouTube for trip ideas, gear recommendations and more!",1,False,19james93
camping,,My first time IN any redwoods and their size was lost in any photos so I added an average sized person for scale,1,False,mcpunchface10
camping,,Summer camping to boat only accessible sites,1,False,njs2233
camping,"Hi all!  My girlfriend and I are camping in our car and tried a propane heater recently, snd it just felt so unsafe.

Are there any good options for a portable, electric heater that doesn’t require a plug-in?

Thank you!!",Portable non-propane heater options,1,False,Sugar_Wood
camping,"So we shed our fossil fuel-addicted world to go into the woods, but our addiction is so severe that we have to bring along a little can of propane or isobutane to get our fix or we'll get the shakes. Sure, we can cook on a wood fire until the fire ban kicks in next summer. Then we'll need to bring more crack cocaine in the form of fossil fuel! ""Hello. My name is Henri. I am a fossil fuel addict."" We ought to have AA meetings for fossil fuel addiction treatment except none of us have ever been fossil-fuel-sober. 

There are starting to be sustainably sourced fuels. Starting with methane from aerobic digestion, chemists can make an analog of basically any hydrocarbon. Starting with hydrogen made from renewable electricity  electrolysis, same results. 

MSR is the most innovative outdoor equipment company out there. The list of high tech stuff we take for granted out in the woods that they invented is long. Hey MSR! I'm calling on you to lead the charge and make sustainably sourced isobutane camping fuel!  You can do this!",Hey MSR! How about some sustainably sourced camping fuels?,1,False,Henri_Dupont
camping,"Hello,

I am in the hunt for a trunk bed tend for my Ford F150 2015...

I have shortlisted two:

* [https://www.napieroutdoors.com/shop/truck-tents/backroadz-truck-tent-19-series/](https://www.napieroutdoors.com/shop/truck-tents/backroadz-truck-tent-19-series/)
* [https://rightlinegear.com/truck-tents/truck-tents/](https://rightlinegear.com/truck-tents/truck-tents/)

they are very similar, main difference is that the Napier has the floor, while the rightline does not... and probably Napier bit more roomie.... (needs for a 5.5 trunk, so not much different is size....)

I will use it mainly in desert/ocean side (in Dubai / Oman) and woul probably NEVER see rain.... 

any suggestion? any experience?

Thank you",Suggestion for trunk bed tent,1,False,IP_FiNaR
camping,,Santa Marina Boutique Camping Vabriga Porec Istrien Kroatien,1,False,Ok_Conclusion_3584
camping,,Little Survival Adventure in Lithuania,1,False,Poteris
camping,,6'x10' Cargo Trailer Converted into Camper,1,False,Camerkd
camping,,"Our campsite in Anza-Borrego Desert, December 2020",1,False,StoryOfCode
camping,[removed],Buy Facebook Ads Accounts,1,False,usazillowhfef
camping,,"Beautiful views of the Big Sur Gorge and campgrounds - Big Sur Pfeiffer SP, California USA",1,False,hellogarner
camping,,"Hema HX-1 vs Garmin Overlander, which is the best unit for you?",1,False,4_Wheels_On_The_Road
camping,,Throw different things on your torch to make a lantern. I love this effect.,1,False,RockStrongo
camping,,It’s kinda nice when no one is in the park and you can take pics like this 🤷🏻‍♀️🙃,1,False,Dirt_on_my_shoes
camping,,Adventures during camping across the Danube river &amp; its secrets ( Belgrade - Zemun ),1,False,1Risbo
camping,,I finally did it. Only took 2 hours but my camp fire took off. In Ga,1,False,warrior3572
camping,,Camp cookin at it's finest.,1,False,2003f150
camping,"[https://youtu.be/uWz-CCmYBuQ?t=2973](https://youtu.be/uWz-CCmYBuQ?t=2973)

He says that ""Ideally I wouldn't be using pine and spruce for this..."" because of ""carcinogen"".

Can someone explain what he meant by that?",Pine health concerns,1,False,SupremeBeing777
camping,"I’ve seen so many different definitions of car camping. What do people mean when they say it? Does it mean that you’re driving to the campsite and either sleeping in your car or at least setting up right around your car? 

Also what is the alternative to car camping? Going for a long hike or something and camping far away from your car?

Not sure if it really matters at all, I’m just curious to know what people mean. 

Thanks!",I have a dumb question: what is car camping?,1,False,BigfootTundra
camping,,temidayo555 : I will do viral udemy online course promotion drive 50k students discord cbd for $5 on fiverr.com,1,False,Social_pro
camping,,"First time out in our ""new to us"" popup over Labor Day.",1,False,2003f150
camping,,Zippos are waterproof and should be in your camping bag,1,False,ZippoFanatic77
camping,,Snow hoe,1,False,waldocolumbia
camping,,Desert pup got cold when we visited the alpine region of Arizona.,4,False,mattj255
camping,,Winter Tarp Camping,6,False,hiram8
camping,,Throwing the ends in is so satisfying,7,False,num_33
camping,"I'm currently planning a trip to national park campsites at Big Bend, Grand Canyon and Zion. I'm new to camping and will be going on a trip as a solo female so I have been planning to sleep inside of my vehicle (I know tents are safe, this is just what I feel more comfortable with). I have been booking tent sites at campsites within the parks. However, I've seen some warnings that tents may be mandatory for these spots. Has anyone had experiences sleeping inside a car at a national park campsite? Is there a chance that I may get in trouble for not sleeping in a tent? I can obtain a tent if needed, but would prefer to sleep in the car to save money and feel a little more safe. Would appreciate any experiences or expertise you guys may have :)",Sleeping In Car At National Park Campsite?,1,False,forwhat-itsworth
camping," In 2020, I'm here to teach you how to make money, if you want to make money, come in and try, let you make money quickly.",avrilklia.com,0,False,Shot-Suggestion-1385
camping,,Camping near Zion is beautiful this time of year.,11,False,PM_ME_YOUR_BAN_NAME
camping,,save earth,0,False,nikhilmishra_art
camping,,KAMPTA CANIN TATLI İSTERSE,1,False,GODSofMYTHOLOGYMC
camping,,Camping doggo waking up on a cold morning in the Mojave Desert,62,False,wthom4s
camping,,Getting That Perfect Campfire Sear,4,False,SnapshotWill
camping,[deleted],"Thanks, I love this revitalizing coffee mug",1,False,[deleted]
camping,[deleted],He let me come with him and his Tacoma on a camping trip. Third wheeling ain’t bad with a view like this.,1,False,[deleted]
camping,,I camped..... in a video game,0,False,Minejacob35
camping,,"Saturday morning in Key West. Whoever wrote that #coffee jingle “The best part of waking up is Folgers in your cup” didn’t live near a Cuban coffee shop. Wake up and buy a home in the Florida keys. Gary McAdams, Key West Realtor, 305-731-0501",1,False,GaryMcAdams
camping,,Solo Winter Camping in style,1,False,gammonjoshua
camping,,"I’m a 64yoF. Recently divorced. Just did my first camping trip (solo!!!). RMNP, Colorado. Next up.. 2 nights backpacking. 😬😬😬",192,False,Edward_Nichols99
camping,,Campfire Breakfast,1,False,HeinosBBQ
camping,[removed],"I have searched the subreddit and found no answers: I am afraid of people in the dark, so I don't go camping",1,False,DoctorBonkus
camping,,Statistics Homework Solver,1,False,codeavail_expert
camping,"Hello, I'm creating a Hiking Log Book/Journal and would like to ask you, what do you think are the most important things to keep track of in this kind of journal?

&amp;#x200B;

What do you pay attention the most, when hiking?

&amp;#x200B;

What kind of hiking logbook would you buy for yourself and why?

&amp;#x200B;

I would be glad to know your opinion. Thanks in advance and stay healthy ;)",Hiking Log Book,1,False,Eryk1557
camping,,"Last week I experienced camping and snowfall for the first time. Himachal pradesh, India.",13,False,shad98
camping,,Cooked some Aaloo parathas (Potato stuffing Indian bread) during camping in Sly Park over thanksgiving weekend,8,False,jainscape
camping,,Camping trip in one of Kuwait's deserts,7,False,Rakant95
camping,,"I went camping in Porteau Cove, BC.",1,False,bendez85
camping,I've read alot about flame retardents on tents and I'm wondering if I just shouldn't use them because of the health affects of them. Is it that dangerous to sleep in a tent?,Tent fire resistant,1,False,cheeze101010
camping,,[OC] Somewhere in the Philippine archipelago,7,False,B4C2D0
camping,,"Colt Creek, Fl primitive campground is beautiful at night.",8,False,Highandbrowse
camping,Does anyone have any good camping spots in Washington state?? Looking for places 1-2.5 hours from Seattle and figured y’all would know 🤙🏻,Camping spots in Washington!,0,False,tylerwinsor17
camping,,Winter gear setup and shakedown before some adventures!,397,False,Leafguy2013
camping,,We’re ready for the weekend! Just me and my dog.,111,False,Squishy_Boy
camping,,Glamping @ Fort Wilderness Disney,16,False,starfucker1987
camping,,"Camping in Lake Louise (Alberta, Canada) this past October. Can’t wait to see the colours in the spring!",961,False,susiemaeve
camping,[removed],23 [F4M] anybody interested in sex hookup should DM ME on kik. rivetalex and i charge for my services.,0,False,keyskiss
camping,,The Coolest Camping Trailers We Saw in 2020,1,False,laurenlopezgp78
camping,,Just outside of Death Valley National Park,100,False,georgeyellow
camping,[deleted],Just outside of Death Valley National Park,1,False,[deleted]
camping,,MOAB UTAH | Is This The Best Place For VAN LIFE!,1,False,outofthisvan
camping,"This was probably the coolest camping experience I've been part of. Im all for back country adventures, but it was nice to mix it up and going for a glamping experience where they filmed the Martian and Aladdin. Would you try camping in a place like this?",Camping on Mars was insane,0,False,MichaelMakesFilms
camping,"We are trying to organize a camping trip with our large extended family (5 families). 

It’s very difficult of course. The other 4 families main goal is to make it as much like a hotel stay as possible.

For example, requirements include:
*must have room for 30 ft RV and have full hook-up
*must be on a site next to the bathrooms
*must be close to town
*must have electricity

How do you respond to this? So far I’ve been kind a poking fun at the requirements... but not getting many laughs.",DAE think it’s funny when people’s number 1 camping goal is to make the experience as much like a hotel stay as possible? How do you respond?,3,False,J_F_Kevorkian
camping,"snow fireplace in NY. pretty proud of myself ha

https://preview.redd.it/hcaipzw68z561.jpg?width=3024&amp;format=pjpg&amp;auto=webp&amp;s=e47df49a77bd6d153bad2f6c61c7f34410d8c5cf",snow fireplace,3,False,Top_Feedback9305
camping,,Ramen + steaks over the campfire,144,False,allma8
camping,,Advice for Kayak Camping Trip,14,False,GetbeastE
camping,,Taking a dip in cold 🥶 water is no joke,1,False,TatisAdventures
camping,,"Hey r/camping, what are somethings y’all forgot or had to look up on y’all’s phone while on a camping trip? I’ll explain why I’m asking in the comments",5,False,Lawdogjr17
camping,,He uses the hammock more than I do.,21,False,cofflesandrooroo
camping,,Went camping with my puppy,11,False,TatisAdventures
camping,,"Geoje Island, South Korea. Husband's getaway 'trip' circle of fire 12/5/2020",27,False,RjBlaze93
camping,,Cave in Rock southern Illinois,9,False,Legitimate_Camel_566
camping,,"Drone in Valley of the Gods, wait till the end. One of my favorite spots do date.",9,False,Cute-Ad-1392
camping,,I love breakfast on the last morning when you're trying to empty to cooler.,182,False,BecomingPetrichor
camping,,Big Bend TX.,25,False,soggywaffle223
camping,,Land slide while camping!,10,False,Hercho
camping,,Tools to help us carry beverage bottles during camping,1,False,LYBLYB99
camping,,I can’t be the only one who’s favorite part of the bonfire is watching the embers dance can I? 🔥🔥🔥,89,False,tcmisfit
camping,"Hey guys what specification determines what you can tow.  Gross vehicle weight, towing capacity, wheel base, etc.????",Towing,4,False,floman81
camping,,Cold winter bath,1,False,EvolutionTheoryYT
camping,,2021 rockwood 2 weeks old.,3,False,limepr0123
camping,,"Duneside in Mojave, CA",18,False,Lando-Lakes
camping,,Camping or rather Glamping. Pelican Shot. Australia.,5,False,Average_Atoms
camping,,I recently tried out camping and absolutely loved it. I decided to film my progress. Hope you guys enjoy my newbie mistakes.,1,False,bendez85
camping,,Crown land camping in ontario,25,False,Bass-Kicker
camping,,"Edge of the World, Arizona",53,False,LiftingNurse
camping,,Night shots,4,False,Disbarred1204
camping,,"Large Dog Raincoat, Lightweight Pets Waterproof Raincoats Jacket Cape-Like",1,False,Potential_Delivery_2
camping,"I recently moved to LA, and im looking for suggestions of lowkey camping spots that arent necessarily official camping areas, just cool secret places away from LA. Anything would be great, thanks!",Lowkey camping spots in southern california,2,False,Sensitive-Educator82
camping,,"All American trail , hoke county community park, raeford Nc. I just took them myself less than an hour ago.",11,False,Past_Bat_7863
camping,,"Backyard Camping in our shared pasture with the Amish.. Lancaster, PA",8,False,Chef-Rancor
camping,,Our first camping experience with the bell tent and stove.,3,False,Disbarred1204
camping,,Its been months boys months,2,False,legend379360
camping,,Clothing for Camping: tested by jumping in the frigid river,1,False,Suspicious_Profile48
camping,,"After losing his job due to COVID, my brother started doing 4WD adventure videos around Queensland Australia. If you haven’t been in Australia, let him be your tour guide.",1,False,deathspanker
camping,,Follow U.S Adventure Brothers on YouTube for camping tips and more!,1,False,19james93
camping,"enjoying the calm after the storm (and trying to stay warm)

https://preview.redd.it/7mfo0p6zhs561.jpg?width=1858&amp;format=pjpg&amp;auto=webp&amp;s=d5a0abfa0dcc04f3c1c865c025226ccafd006a15",snow tent,0,False,Top_Feedback9305
camping,"Next week I’ll be traveling to Lake Wenatchee in Washington State and it’s near the pass. This will be the first time I’ve ever camped in the snow and I’m pretty nervous!

My gear is pretty novice to be honest. I have a $50 Coleman tent, 3 season sleeping bag, Coleman cot, a couple tarps, and a camping kitchen with a single burner stove. 

I guess my question is, do you have any advice for me to make my experience more enjoyable?",Any advice for a first time snow camping trip?,1,False,haileymcr26
camping,"I have a permit to hike Mono Pass to Summit Lake in Inyo National Forest (California) this January. I have been winter backpacking before, but I was wondering if anyone here has been on this specific trail in the winter and had any advice for what to expect.

I am planning to hike up from the mosquito flat trailhead to mono pass and camp for a night at summit lake, then hike back down the day after. 

Also, does anyone know anything about road conditions to Little Lakes Valley trailhead in winter? Some sources say the road to it is closed in winter but it doesn't say so everywhere so I want to be sure. 

https://www.alltrails.com/trail/us/california/mono-pass-from-mosquito-flat-trailhead?p=27603259",Mono Pass (Inyo NF) in Winter,1,False,noah3053
camping,,Hipcamp voting!,1,False,hummingbirdhollow518
camping,Really wanna get into camping especially the primitive stuff I’ve always thought it was really cool and it seemed like a useful life skill as well. How and where do I even start? (I’m in Miami by the way),Trying to get started,1,False,7000stances
camping,,Cooking a juicy t-bone steak over a campfire. Turned out perfectly rare.,7,False,Foglands
camping,,Best Camping Mattress For Bad Back,1,False,mattjoco
camping,,Van camping in the Grand Canyon for $1500,1,False,TGSHatesWomen
camping,,campfire ASMR and roasted sweet potato (고구마),2,False,jamiba
camping,"Hey Everyone, 

I'm planning on taking a week off from work in late January and my partner and I are thinking of trying out some winter camping. What we're thinking of might not even be real winter camping by this sub's standards.   


Basically we've been thinking of trying head south or southwest to somewhere a bit warmer, try out the base camp 4 tent we'll be getting for Christmas. We'll definitely be car camping with our element (I've toyed with sleeping in the car, but I don't think it's what we really want). Initially I was dreaming of heading out west to some beautiful national forest or canyon, but unless I'm missing some things that all seems like two days of 12 hours drives at least and I just don't want to be under that kind of time pressure for 3 days of camping. 

We've been toying with Congaree national park in SC. We could get there in a day if we pushed, or take a leisurely two days to get there. As far as I can tell average low temp that time of year is 33 there. I've read about needing pads, rather than the cheap air mattresses we've been using, a well rated bag, dry base layers and sneaking a hot water bottle in your bag. 

Basically, I'm looking for suggestions of great places to dip our toes into winter camping (we're definitely open and honestly maybe hoping for other locale suggestions) and a run down of the minimum gear we'll need to be comfortable.   


What's the most gorgeous locale you think some newbies could comfortably camp without spending a fortune on gear?    


Apologies if I've missed some obvious posts, thanks much for your time and advice!","Looking for the warmest camping locale I can reach from Chicago in a day or two, and winter tips.",1,False,StaggerLee509
camping,,$50 Walmart tent in a blizzard lol. I think we got close to 3 feet. It was hard crawling out of the tent this morning,8,False,AdventuresWSpackmann
camping,"Best [Canvas Tarpaulins](https://tarpaulinsshop.co.uk/product-category/canvas-tarpaulins/) For Camping

&amp;#x200B;

https://preview.redd.it/mbfrsri5nq561.jpg?width=1034&amp;format=pjpg&amp;auto=webp&amp;s=39328e461b27bbf806d52ff4c6a4a133261d39be",Best Canvas Tarpaulins For Camping,1,False,waqashafeez2003
camping,,"White Water Rafting - Dublin, Ireland - Part 9",1,False,Parisnorriss
camping,,Bhaktapur Durbar Square,1,False,himalayanadv
camping,"I've never camped, but really want to give it a go. 
I was thinking of buying a super cheap tent (Big W has them for $14) and a yoga mat or something. Already have a sleeping bag from years ago which is rated for +5°C.

I was thinking of getting cheap gear since I don't actually know if I'll like camping and don't want to spend heaps. My family reckons I should spend like $200 and get something decent otherwise I'll have a shit trip. I'm autistic and get hot pretty easy (currently summer here in Australia). 
I find really firm surfaces super comfy so I'm pretty confident a yoga mat would be good enough. 

Then plan would be to spend a weekend at the campground in the Onkaparinga National Park (which is conveniently pretty close to home), but do a trial run in my backyard first to make sure I know how to set everything up.

For food I'd probably just pack sandwiches or canned food or the dehydrated stuff (are they any good? I'm usually not a fussy eater) and get one of those compact canister cookers (like a jet boil)

What's the essentials and is the super cheap gear going to be more of a hassle?","Never camped, how to start?",2,False,eclecticboogalootoo
camping,"What are some of the pros and cons? I’m getting into backpacking and am weighting the options. I’m thinking it might be a better option, worried about my back as I’ve kind of got a bad back.",People who use hammock tents,1,False,Daltino4430
camping,,"Hey guys, I went camping on Monday. Its on a beach in penang. I also made a few videos for it on my YouTube channel. I'm not selling the camping trips or anything, I just wanted to share my experience =)",1,False,JacReviewsStuff
camping,"Hi everyone!

I hope you are all staying warm winter camping. :)

A friend and I are about to go on our first winter camping trip in Stone Canyon in CO. I have camped in CO before and I am pretty careful about bears. I know it is winter too so they are considerably less active but I still had a bit of a silly question.

I already have my gear packed sitting in the corner of my room. I typically eat in my room and the food I made today was considerably pungent and it seems to be lingering around unfortunately. I put my gear in the hall but my family uses a lot of those spray fresheners as well-so my question is it better to keep my bag away from pungent smells overall? Will they seep in and cause my gear to smell and attract animals?

Thank you for your time! Happy camping\~",Camping in Black Bear Country Question!,1,False,MsMonieC
camping,"It seems like most campsites are closed due to the regional lockdown orders. Anza Borrego, Joshua Tree, etc are all closed down, even in primitive camping areas.

Is there any overnight camping spots that I would be allowed to camp in? Would camping in BLM areas get me in trouble?",Camping in Southern California?,2,False,Parasitian
camping,,Simple but classic NZ camping set up #2,6,False,AntleredRabbit
camping,,"TEJAS PARK, TEXAS.",3,False,NoDogFilth
camping,"I’m camping soon and was wondering if a Paul Petzoldt sleeping bag would be good enough for 10F and lower temperatures. Unfortunately, I don’t know to what temperature it is rated to, but the bag is forest green, has a polyester fiberfill, and nylon lining and cover. It is also quite heavy at about 6.5 lbs.",Sleeping bag for winter camping,1,False,Bengal-_-
camping,,Heavy gust of wind + Bonfire =,3,False,gofarther0787
camping,,"Jeju Island, South Korea",4,False,RjBlaze93
camping,,A simple setup on the Connie this summer,2,False,LifeInShortSentences
camping,,"Throwback to summer in Big Bear, CA",5,False,ckulasxa
camping,"Death Valley NP is closed for campgrounds and dispersed camping, but I talked to the Bureau of Land Management and dispersed camping is open in areas around there. We'd like to take our pop up trailer out away from everyone else and camp for a couple of nights, and drive through the park during the day.

Any recommendations for places to camp?",Dispersed Camping Near Death Valley?,1,False,herstoryhistory
camping,,"Fraser Island, Queensland, Australia",3,False,adzymcadzface
camping,,"Father &amp; Son Hammocking, Cast Iron Rotisserie &amp; Scouting Rapids",1,False,evanle5ebvre
camping,"&amp;#x200B;

https://preview.redd.it/biqr0d1wjm561.jpg?width=1401&amp;format=pjpg&amp;auto=webp&amp;s=922c620c87fe7e64266e8212fb0d3b8191d26d58",Back Country Camping in the Alleghenies,1,False,MillennialInTheWild
camping,[deleted],Back Country Camping in the Alleghenies,2,False,[deleted]
camping,Hey there hikers and campers. Throughout all your trips. What was one consumable that you almost if not always brought with you? And on top of that what is one consumable you wish you could have but cant really find anywhere that would make the trip easier? I’m especially curious to those of you who go on regular multi day ventures. Thanks in advance!,That one special thing,1,False,HPBudcraft347
camping," 

Hi All,

I love my 48oz Nalgene to death, but drinking from it, and the plastic cap and loop wearing away have been a low spot for me. I like to be able to carry it on my backpack, attached by a carabiner.

Nalgene's first party accessories are pretty limiting, with the OTF Cap being the only one at all interesting. I've heard mixed reports of how well these hold up, which would be especially important if I'm hanging it from a backpack.

I'm looking to see if anyone has any experience with third party accessories, custom/diy accessories, or really anything else of that sort. My dream would some sort of metal cap for my Nalgene, but that doesn't seem to exist right now.

Any input about water bottles/water bottle upgrades (doesn't necessarily need to be Nalgene) would be really appreciated, as I'm looking to go for something more BIFL focused, even if that doesn't end up being a Nalgene bottle.",Water Bottle (Nalgene) BIFL Upgrades?,1,False,Zach0627
camping,,The highest point in VA. Best view of the meteor shower possible.,1,False,sneakycurbstomp
camping,,First attempt at making a bow drill and trying to get an ember - check it out and let me know if you have any tips/things I did wrong!!,1,False,KoloKraft-Bushcraft
camping,,Winter camping isn’t so bad (;,1,False,Balow08
camping,,"This is why I go camping (Crater Lake, Oregon)",1,False,FMbutterpants
camping,,Lordstown Looks To Build An Electric RV,1,False,The-Techie
camping,,"Jewel Key, Everglades",1,False,millre01
camping,"Highly Recommend [Clear Tarpaulins](https://tarpaulinsshop.co.uk/product-category/clear-tarpaulins/)

&amp;#x200B;

https://preview.redd.it/6hqv6dcwgk561.jpg?width=275&amp;format=pjpg&amp;auto=webp&amp;s=6770e6f55b2f383afdb107e2e108518f4602aa09",While Camping Last Weekend,1,False,waqashafeez2003
camping,I heard you can see more in the summer but maybe it's all a myth,Friend saw an UFO flying above a lake from tent he said it was awesome. You ever seen one?,1,False,petmop999
camping,,Our favourite 4wd camping spot. Western Australia.,1,False,bob14325
camping,,Abu Dhabi urges people to stay safe from Cove 19 for winter camping,1,False,uae_urdu
camping,,Slight mishap but still just about watertight!,1,False,chicken-farmer
camping,I have newer camped in winter. What are your suggestions?,Tips for Winter Camping,1,False,feanor_13
camping,,It just cant fit in!!!,1,False,Al_Controls
camping,,Instead of marshmallows cook chicken on the end of a stick.,1,False,TheTemplar666
camping,,I don’t know if this gets said enough. Double and triple check your camp site when you pack up. Just lost my second long spork.,1,False,scallywagg2
camping,"Hey all,
     I want to take my first winter trip in the placerville area and I’m looking for spots. Any recommend would be greatly appreciated.",Winter camping placerville CA recommendations,1,False,bigrenMG
camping,"Hello guys, long time lurker, first time posting.

I live in Brasil and love the outdoors. There are so many amazing places here, so many beaches, mountains and rivers. Me and wife already have some good gear: naturehike tent, sleeping pad and two sleeping bags (though we almost don't use them on the summer), a little gas stove (that we use only when lighting fires is forbiden) and our backpacks. 

We still need some cookware (we've been using an old pan) and a good knife! The problem is that here in Brasil its hard to find any. I've even found some good carbon steel (5mm thick) knife but they are overpriced and prone to rust. 

Searching aliexpress I found some nice Ganzo knives, but there are so many models for so different budgets. Could anyone recommend a good and relatively cheap Ganzo (or other) knife that I could buy from aliexpress?

Thanks a lot. Good hikes for all of us in 2021 :D",Brazilian user in dire need of a good camping knife.,1,False,walkn_contradiction
camping,,"The tent - We've already slept in it for more than one year so another 5 years to go. We are not only camp in forests. We also pitched our tent next to restaurants, gas stations, in ruins or on some rooftops. What was your funniest location where you have been sleeping so far?",1,False,VAEGABOND
camping,"My lady and I are looking for a quick getaway to do some camping and fishing. Preferably with the most freedom as possible to fish, hike, cook and enjoy ourselves.",Looking for some tent camping in the San Bernardino mountains,1,False,Smokestunaclogsbong
camping,Just wondering if there is a small battery powered heater I can get for camping in low temps looking for one that makes a pretty big difference even though it’s small,Best high-performance small battery powered heater for camping and low temps,1,False,I20kI
camping,,SAVING DOGS&amp;UNITING COMMUNTIY,1,False,IExist_ButWant2_Live
camping,,Follow U.S Adventure Brothers on YouTube for more beginner tips and essentials!🌲🐿,1,False,19james93
camping,hi looking for few camping tents suggestions. one that is best for hiking with family,Camping Newbie,1,False,Sea_Curious_See
camping,,Amazing site at Crockford-Pigeon Mountain this fall,1,False,WesWizard_2
camping,,Mammoth Lakes,1,False,Bananasling23
camping,,Took My Hot Tent Out For The First Time a Few Weeks Back!,1,False,BeerMe321
camping,"TLDR up-top: I had my first direct interaction with a black bear this summer (2-3yo), which lasted ~15h on and off. I’m pretty sure I took all of the steps you’re supposed to when encountering black bears, but the interaction didn’t go like it’s “supposed to” (she was zero percent afraid of me). I respect wildlife and know I’m in their home when hiking and camping, and want to learn from the experience so I can be a better visitor in the future. I also know how important it is for the bears themselves that they not become accustomed to humans. After talking to several friends and two park rangers, I figured I’d try to get some feedback here. Sorry that this is so long, I’m not sure which details are relevant for critique.

In August, I went on my first solo car camp at a USFS-run campground in Leavenworth, WA, USA that I’d been to a few times before. I was late getting to my site, setting up camp right at dusk. I had a feeling that “something was watching me” and went straight to bed, skipping dinner (although I did take a sip of wine and brush my teeth, immediately putting everything back in the car — there are no bear lockers at the campground, and that’s what they recommend). Everything scented stayed in the car, including bug spray and deodorant. In the tent I had a few electronics including a flashlight, car keys, and bear spray.

I stayed up for about 45min, and as soon as I turned off the light I heard something big in the bushes next to my site, about 5ft away. I clapped a few times and turned the light back on, and the movement stopped. Then, the animal came out of the bushes and started walking around my tent. I clapped again and it stopped. Repeat this 3-4 times, and eventually the clapping wasn’t effective. At this point, I could also hear it sniffing and breathing (it was clearly bigger than something like a fox). I started playing music, shouted/talked, hit the lock on my car keys to make it beep — these things worked a few times, after which the animal was un-phased. This repeated every 30min or so for the next 5 hours, until about 3am. I debated making a break for my car a few times, but was worried I wouldn’t make it the 30ft without another encounter. 

I eventually fell asleep, and there was no sign of the animal (no sounds, no visible tracks) from the night before. I went for a quick hike, scrambled some eggs when I got back, and immediately cleaned up (putting the food, utensils, etc. back in my car). I then laid in my hammock, with my car keys and bear spray on the picnic table a few feet away. 

10min later, I heard a rustling in the bushes — same spot as the night before. I sat up to see what it was, and saw something big(ish?) run away. Two minutes later the rustling was back — again, I sat up and it ran away. I got up and sat on the picnic bench, bear spray in-hand, facing the direction of the bushes (at this point, I felt like I was being paranoid). A few minutes later, I heard rustling in the bushes again — this time behind me, the opposite direction from before. I turned around while slowly standing up on the picnic table, and saw a ~2-3 black bear only 15ft away. No feet stomping or jaw popping, but was slowly walking towards me. 

Because the thing was already so close, I yelled “hey, bear!” and set off the car alarm while looking around for its mom or siblings (didn’t see either). It kept walking towards me, so with my bear spray ready to go I slowly got off the picnic table and side-stepped into my car (about 25 feet to my left). I didn’t turn my back on the bear, and thankfully it watched me but didn’t follow. Instead, it climbed onto the picnic table, and checked out my hammock and tent. I drove over to the campground host, who told me the bear was orphaned after USFS had to put her mom down the year before due to human aggression. I explained what happened the night before (by this point I’m convinced it was this bear I had been hearing), and the interaction I had just had, and the host just shrugged and said “she’s harmless, don’t worry about it.”

I drove into town to call the ranger station, to understand if I could or should have done anything differently (or if I truly have nothing to worry about, like the host told me). I never got a call back, and couldn’t ask in-person because of Covid restrictions. 10 mins after arriving back at my site, the bear was again watching me from the bushes. My neighbor was kind enough to scare it off just by walking over, and kept an eye out while I quickly threw my shit into the car and left. I’ve camped twice since (one car camp, one backpack), both times with my husband. Had a truly horrible time because I couldn’t sleep; I kept “hearing things” outside the tent, which was probably just my imagination. I’ve scoured the Internet for articles and posts, looking for a similar situation that I could learn from. I just haven’t found anything yet, outside of the usual “make noise, keep a clean camp” stuff, which I did. 

So, good people of Reddit: What would you have done differently in my situation? Should I have made a break for my car that first night, used my bear spray that morning, skipped trying to hammock all-together? Is this normal behavior for a black bear, and I’m just being jittery for no reason?",Black bear encounter: What would you have done differently?,1,False,musicandshakes
camping,,Julio Enrique - Fiesta (Official Video) #merengue,1,False,Noor79
camping,"Hello all,

Has anybody made their own foil chimney out of steel shimstock? The only piece I've found on the internet thats wide enough (without special ordering) is 0.03 mm thick. Is that too thin for steel?

I've also seen people make a pipe out of steel dollar store cookie sheets, however in canada our dollar store bakeware is all aluminium or way to thick and coated in a nonstick surface. If anybody has a link for some i'd like to see!",DIY hot tent stove chimney,1,False,Xxinarisire96xX
camping,,Simple but classic NZ camping setup!,1,False,AntleredRabbit
camping,"I have a bunch of old duraflame logs in my garage, but they got kinda moist. I don’t know if it’s just the wrapper Couse apparently they are made of wax and natural fibers. But I spent a lot on them and now I think they are ruined. Is there a way to dry them out for use in my fire place?",How can I dry a duraflame log?,1,False,ender3838
camping,,Did a test run of my hot tent today in my backyard here in MA,1,False,F1GTRLT
camping,"I'm trying to plan a 2 week solo car-camping trip for my 30th birthday next spring. I've heard of resources like ⁠freecampsites.net, ⁠blm.gov, and ⁠Campendium.com, and am trying to map out an itinerary and figure out what is a reasonable timeline.  Car camping might be a bust given the temp but thought it could be an adventurous, scrappy, character-building experience that saves some money.  I'm open to just booking accommodation for some/most of these nights if need be.  I could do three weeks but if not car camping, that might get spendy.

Here is what I have so far, starting from Portland, Oregon:

- Leave home at 4am  
- 12pm Crater Lake , leave 3pm 
- 8pm Alvord Hot Springs , 1 night, leave 5am 
- 7am Alvord Desert (briefly visit)
- 2pm Great Basin , 2 nights, leave 6am 
- 9am Zion, 1 nights, leave 5am
- 10am Arches National Park , 2 nights, leave 5am 
- 10am Grand Canyon/north kaibob(?), 2 nights, leave 5am  
- 11am Joshua tree 
- San Diego, 5 nights, leave 5am  
- 12pm Yosemite , 2 nights, leave 11am  
- 11pm home sun

I'm open to visiting fewer places since the goal isn't to check off boxes but I'm not going to be doing insane hikes, just some ~5-10 mile walks and general sight seeing so spending multiple days sounds silly.  I've never visited any US National Parks so the overall goal is a solo adventure and to at least see the Grand Canyon, spend a few nights in San Diego (depending on COVID) and hit Yosemite on my way there/back home - everything else is expendable.  Please let me know if any of these aren't worth visiting or I should allocate more/fewer days!  Alternatively I'd love to hear National Park trips you've went on where/how long/when you visited!",Car camping SW National Parks in April recommendations,1,False,callicarpas
camping,"I was just wondering if there were any campers on this subreddit that knew about some natural hot springs in southeast America that was accessible from a trail? I have some friends that live out west and I saw an Instagram post of them hanging out in a hot spring. It looked really cool, but I also feel like they are more common on that side of the country.

Hoping to get lucky and to be able to take a trip somewhere to take a dip in one and camp for a few nights!",Natural Hot Springs in Southeast America,1,False,xMACINGx
camping,,My campsite while solo backpacking in Southern Utah couple of weeks ago.,1,False,outdoorlos
camping,"If you use the space blanket on the floor of the tent, does it help to keep you warm inside the tent?",Cold and space blanket,1,False,outdooreer
camping,"&amp;#x200B;

https://preview.redd.it/upq7w94k5e561.jpg?width=960&amp;format=pjpg&amp;auto=webp&amp;s=4f43fbc07b786ca9064184d32b4672c6fdc7c612",Tucked away in the mountains of Pennsylvania,1,False,kzandpearl
camping,,"Near Tellico, TN. I always enjoy the night sky :)",1,False,trevorlj22
camping,,"Join me as I go camping in Limpopo, South Africa",1,False,getoutgo
camping,"from my understanding they differ from parks in that theyre open to hunters during season. i cant find any info online about preserves specifically, only parks",Am i allowed to camp on state nature preserves?,1,False,ryneboi
camping,"Today most people employ a ground tent set up when camping. They are compact, easy to carry, and provide protection from the elements.

With the invention of the roof top tent, another mode of camping has arisen. As the off-road community grows and more people choose to camp in the backcountry in their 4x4 vehicles, rooftop tents have become increasingly popular.

This guide is meant to help you consider the pros and cons of each option and determine whether it is worth it to buy a rooftop tent.

## Ground Tent

Pros:

* Compact and easy to transport
* Lower cost
* More stable in wind
* Traditional camping feel

Cons:

* More work to set up
* Exposed to ground critters

## Rooftop Tent

Pros:

* Quickly deployable
* Always attached to your car
* Security sleeping above the ground

Cons:

* Expensive $$$
* Takes up a lot of space

## Conclusion

It is important to choose the right tent for your specific needs, which can vary based on where you live, your vehicle, and what type of overlanding you do.

For those who need to park their car in a garage, the rooftop tent may cause issues with height clearance. Additionally, if you need more space for gear on your trips a rooftop tent may take up too much space and you may want to opt for the ground tent.

For some it may be worth dropping the extra $$$ on a rooftop tent. If you spend a lot of time camping and move spots often, it can be easy to have the rooftop tent ready for action along the way. Additionally, you may feel more secure camping on the roof opposed to the ground

A rooftop tent is a big investment, so consider your needs and how well the rooftop tent fits those needs. Consider the benefits as well as the drawbacks before jumping into the purchase.

&amp;#x200B;

For the full breakdown check out [my article on the topic](https://pioneeroverland.com/blogs/overlanding/are-rooftop-tents-worth-it).",Are Rooftop Tents Worth It?,1,False,PioneerOverland
camping,"So we are going camping at the end of January. We will be in mid-state Kentucky, mid-state Tennessee, and Great Smoky Mountain National Park. We have lots of camping gear and cold weather supplies, and we are front country camping.

What are some things that I might not be thinking of to take with us?? The only thing right now that we can't get is an all weather tent, it's cost prohibitive to do so.

We do have 0° sleeping bags, and our new air mats have been ordered. 

Does anyone have a good brand for an emergency/weather radio?

Thank you guys so much!",January Camping,1,False,not_who_you_know
camping,"New campground review. Andrew Jackson state park in South Carolina!
https://youtu.be/1Fbs3lmMdc4",Andrew Jackson state park,1,False,eatin_good
camping,,"Best part about camping is the sunset. Lake Dardanelle State Park, AR",1,False,laminated_llama232
camping,,Camping by a lake in Chengdu and got the biggest fish I've ever had!,1,False,SunnyCamp
camping,"Hey campers! Im going on a one night camping trip with some friends soon. Living up north, sun will set at around 15 and temp will be around 3 °C/37 °F. Most of us have three season gear. How can we make the best out of our stay, regarding activities after dark and sleep. Share your best tips for cold weather camping! Thanks!",Hot tips for winter camping!,1,False,SamTarlyTattooParlor
camping,,"Bushcraft Winter Camping, not light but warm and dry!",1,False,TheBeardedBurton
camping,,Get started learning the basics for inexpensive emergency communications! When your out hiking with family learn how to stay in touch with your party members!,1,False,Getyourcommsup
camping,"I’m looking to go camping soon, it’s been a while since I last camped in CA.  I live in the southern California region but went off to college for 4 years in Colorado.  Didn’t camp much except for the few occasions we would go as a family to a crowded campsite.  In CO, I discovered dispersed camping and fell in love.  The idea of truly being isolated is quite amazing.  Not to bag on campgrounds, I just feel that certain situations call for that.  But right now when we are supposed to be as isolated as possible, dispersed camping is the way to go.

Anyways, I am looking to go soon somewhere in CA but don’t know much about the areas, rules, etc so I wanted to inquire here.  There’s only so much I can read about on websites and I don’t want to do anything wrong by any means.  I know CA is pretty strict on fires and whatnot so I would just like to know what I should be doing to have the best experience possible.  Thanks for taking the time to read this, any help is greatly appreciated.",Tips/Info for a Californian?,1,False,johnmayerstansonly
camping,"Some friends and I are looking to go and camp near Mount Bachelor this week. We will be bringing two tents (one for gear and one for us). We're going to be camping in the woods close by to the resort because we wanted to experience winter camping as well as save some $$ by not staying at a hotel while we ski for the week. We have some thermal blankets and sleeping pads to put below us as we sleep, and we will all be doubling up on sleeping bags (each one rated to 20 F). It's going to be getting down to 18 F some nights as well as snowing hard and winds of around 10mph. 

I wanted to post here to make sure we aren't getting too in over our heads. We don't have any heaters, but we will be bringing shovels, firewood, and extra fire starter. We plan to dig away at the snow before we pitch the tents and build our firepit. We have a cooking stove that runs on gas too. My primary concerns are our tent getting too cold and wet, as well as having our water freeze. Also, maybe I'm just new to camping, but if anyone has camped here, what is the wildlife like. We really don't want to get mauled by a bear and none of us are old enough to own a firearm. 

Let me know if this borderline stupid.",I need some advice (mount bachelor winter camping),1,False,throwaway98234567304
camping,,Camping in Death Valley underneath the Amargosa Mountains and Geminid Meteor Shower last night!,1,False,Batyams
camping,[removed],The Prom: 10 Questions to Ponder After Watching the New Netflix Musical,1,False,Wise-Measurement-396
camping,,"Stay at home, Newsom said. Campgrounds are all closed, he said. We don’t need no stinking campgrounds, we said. Another epic desert camping weekend in our little Rockwood Pop-up camper. Heaven and Magic all wrapped into one.",1,False,00millsy
camping,,"Spotted in SE Anza Desert, CA on BLM land. Made my whole camping trip! Damn, I love me some desert life. 🕷",1,False,00millsy
camping,Been camping for years out of my 2007 Honda accord.  You'd be surprised how much gear I can get in her.  She's been a good workhorse but I can see the end for her coming so been thinking about a new one.  Any recommendations on SUVs with good storage specifically?,What car do you drive?,1,False,badnewsandliars
camping,"Come check me out

https://onlyfans.com/",My Link,1,False,Rebellious2127
camping,,Have you ever camped in the Boundary Waters? I was able to go ice skating on Seagull Lake in the BWCA because of the PERFECT wild ice conditions! Such an incredible experience.,1,False,jodidiane
camping,,Open Up! {New England},1,False,Janelle_the_Cunt
camping,,No kindling use potato chips,1,False,Krebstar783
camping,"Looking for camping ideas, a family friend is getting into camping and the outdoors and we want to give her a starter gift set for Christmas that will make camping easier and more fun for a beginner! Need some ideas! I’ve been blanking on what we use, other than headlamps and a pour over coffee filter... hoping you wonderful peeps have some tips/tricks of things that you’ve found make camping easier! Thank you in advance!!",Hello campers! Looking for some beginner gear that makes camping easier!,1,False,kcprice4
camping,,hiking near Sheridan MT,1,False,yellowmoose52
camping,,"Testing the new hot tipi setup in the snow. 20 degrees outside, but toasty inside!",1,False,B3prepared
camping,,Sunrise on Snoopers Rock at Prentice Cooper State Forest. Lots of dispersed camping spots with great views of the river in the forest.,1,False,spiceybagel
camping,,Sunrise on Snoopers Rock at Prentice Cooper State Forest. Lots of dispersed camping spots with great views of the river in the forest.,1,False,spiceybagel
camping,,"First overnighter in my new hot tent, Southern Finland.",1,False,_maeister
camping,,"Few pictures from my first overnighter in my new hot tent, Southern Finland.",1,False,_maeister
camping,"I was looking for a new set of thermals. I currently use US Army issue silk weight thermals, which are pretty good for below 30 degrees, but they get hot when it’s 40 to 50 degrees outside. Do you guys have any suggestions for “thermals” when it’s in the 45 to 50ish degrees out? 

Thanks a million!!!!!!",The perfect thermals for warmer weather.,1,False,treecutter34
camping,,Underrated: desert camping. Sometimes it takes 30 minutes and sometimes you could be driving for 2 hours before finding the perfect camp site. Lost in Utah,1,False,whiteduck_outdoors
camping,,Afton State Park (MN) Yurt living!,1,False,NaimahBeeema
camping,,How to Poop in the woods?,1,False,AgileGap4542
camping,,Some cooking photos. Slovakia. patres.avi,1,False,Pato2801
camping,,[Giveaway] Hybeam Tactical Flashlight for 100% FREE!,1,False,LeatherIndustry2
camping,,Buy Cheap Zopisign Zopiclone 10mg | Next Day Delivery | Direct UK Pills,1,False,imogeneooroswel
camping,"Plenty of camping experience, looking for advice for my first trip bringing my dogs. Starting slow with truck camping...any and all tips/tricks appreciated.",Camping with dogs advice,1,False,DOC929
camping,"The plan is to get very remote and primitive, but with my car. Essentially boondock with my car away from all people and electronics. I cannot backpack for a week with my dog and hold everything I would like. 

I want to set up a base camp so I can just relax, go hiking, have a fire, and pretty much sleep in the same spot most nights if not every night for a week. 

I chose Florida because of its location to me currently, and warmth. I live on the east coast so anything out west is way less feasible. 

From what I can tell online, Ocala national forest has very mixed reviews. There are plenty of stories and reports of crazy hippies, ex cons, murders, thefts, and all that fun stuff. However if you do some digging, those stories are definitely publicized more than anything else and PLENTY of people enjoy nice camping trips there with no problems. 

I am an experienced camper and hiker, but along north east trails. More of a backpacker. Im not scared of black bears or anything. I’m a crazy hippy and I’m not worried about them. 

Im slightly concerned for my dog, and any disturbed souls looking for an “easy” target by himself in the woods during Christmas. I’m an athletic guy trained in self defense and carry, but that’s not stopping anyone. I’m by myself and my dog is not a killer. It doesn’t help that I drive a blue Jeep. Like bright blue. 

I am going to do this, I would just love any information or ideas anyone has, as there’s not many recent posts on Ocala national forest. Much love people. Thank you for your time!🌞❤️🌞",Boondocking in Ocala national forest during the week of Christmas. Safe? Possible?,1,False,Phontomz
camping,,Missing my camping trip by a lake in Chengdu this summer,1,False,SunnyCamp
camping,,What does sex while camping feel like? How does it compare to having sex in a bed?,1,False,Jabaggs
camping,I think it'd be a neat thing to keep some gear in at home.,I hope this counts as a gear question. Does anyone know where I can get one of those mini display tents they put out when they can't display a full size one?,1,False,MeSlySwine
camping,,Camping finally in “winter” Tuscan escape is Mt Lemon.,1,False,gdawg1687
camping,,Here’s some behind the scenes footage from a shoot I did in maine camping on the islands across from Mount Kineo. 💞🤙 say hey on insta! https://www.instagram.com/ingrained.pro/,1,False,ingrained_pro
camping,"When you first came into contact with [camping](https://www.mirakeyairmattress.com/), 

what kind of mood it was like sleeping outdoors at night,

 we would love to know how you feel!

https://preview.redd.it/r1pn003s42561.jpg?width=940&amp;format=pjpg&amp;auto=webp&amp;s=a6d1e8c757eb3d7f3785a7630c7e16605437c5a2",Enjoy camping life!,1,False,airmattressMirakey
camping,"I'm going camping this week in the snow for the first time. I am going to be sleeping in a hammock, any tips you guys have for camping in the snow are greatly appreciated.",Tips for first time camping in the Snow,1,False,N85401
camping,,Lost Mine Trail SC/NC,1,False,Remote-Manner2605
camping,,Isn't it nice to be be fire the fire together=-),1,False,Historical-Ad-9902
camping,,Anatomy of a Schedule Eastern Conference Edition,1,False,Ilovesport23346789
camping,,Late Autumn camping. Prepping for our coming winter camping trips. Wayne National Forest.,1,False,CrushYourBoy
camping,,Have a awesome day all,1,False,Hannifen
camping,,"Not very good pics, but amazing place, lots of songbirds, had to come early due to heavy rain, and saw a awfully poisonous snake Salesopolis - Brazil",1,False,King_of_Mauritania
camping,"Basically, is there an ""outer shell"" I can buy to add additional comfort rating? I have a liner that claims to add 11 degrees from therm-a-rest but it's so thin I'm not sure I believe it.

If not, are there ""cheap"" sleeping bags that cater to under 0 degrees Fahrenheit? I don't care if it's bulky or ugly I just want it to get the job done.",I have a sleeping bag rated to comfort to something like 25 degrees F. I want to go camping when it will be about 5 degrees at night. What are my (cheap) options?,1,False,lavish-harmonica
camping,I'm on a fly heavy area and they're just disgusting. Any advice?,Does repellent work on flies?,1,False,WonderChode
camping,,"Tipi up. Stove prepped. Right, let's go climb a mountain!",1,False,JackNimrod12009
camping,,I am the camper. To get my city-slicker foody partner to go camping I have to bribe him by letting him be in charge of the cooking. But camp fire cooking and little Coleman stove cooking barely cutsit. Time to shake things up. The Christmas scheme I hatched ought to be fun.,1,False,Norcan987
camping,,Interesting,1,False,ciann4
camping,I'm looking to go camping in New Mexico for about a week. I'm taking a Person who is brand new to camping so we will either have A-tent that will be borderline glamping or possibly a teardrop trailer. I would like to take her somewhere scenic but not too mountainous because neither of us like the cold that much! Any recommendations would be greatly appreciated!,I'm looking for a great place to camp in New Mexico. Any suggestions?,1,False,demon8rix_got_fucked
camping,,Camp first thing this morning!,1,False,AttitudeCool
camping,"A few friends and I are going camping soon at a state park. We're going to bring some beer, nothing crazy. If we keep it to ourselves (only drink inside our cabin) and aren't rowdy or anything, would there be any way a ranger could come search or check on us without any probably cause?",How strict are state parks?,1,False,throwaway2726252423
camping,,Does elf camping count here?,1,False,liv3aboard
camping,,Misty Morning In BC,1,False,stonkinverser
camping,,Had a great evening camping on a friends property this weekend in a makeshift shelter. Kebabs and flatbread for dinner washed down with some good English ales. Followed by a nice 32°f evening to wake up to heavy snowfall.,1,False,AttitudeCool
camping," I need good, strong cord locks for drawstrings on sleeping  bag covers, gear bags, waist bands etc. Anyone have a good source? I bought YKK  brand ones, thinking they would be better than most, but they don't hold  tightly at all. Any recommendations?",Where to buy strong cord locks to close drawstrings? Are there any good brands out there?,1,False,Studlier
camping,,Good morning from Massachusetts!,1,False,ScotchBingeington
camping,The flame is emitting a smell (not unpleasant).  I have two CO alarms which are not sounding. Is this safe?,Are Calor gas heaters meant to smell slightly?,1,False,MetaMushroom
camping,"Hey all, I've reserved several sites through [recreation.gov](https://recreation.gov) for the first time and find it a little cumbersome with the current modification rule they have in place. I can understand having a rule in place that prevents people from just continuing to modify their current reservation end date out indefinitely. That would be the rule stating that if your reservation dates extend beyond the current released availability for a site you have to wait until your reservation end date +4 days has been available to the public. Makes sense. What  ends up happening is people block off say a 14 day window just to get the weekend dates at the end of that 14 day window.  A 14 day window gets blocked off for what amounts to a 2 or 3 night stay in the end.  


My idea is that [recreation.gov](https://recreation.gov) alters the modification rule to be able to modify the start date for a reservation once those dates become available to the general public. End date rules stay in place. That way there is more site availability as people modify start dates to shorten their lengths of stay to get refunds earlier.  Does that make sense? If it does, I'm looking to send [recreation.gov](https://recreation.gov) the suggestion in detail.",Idea For Improving Recreation.gov Reservation System,1,False,stoolchamber
camping,,Social Distancing???You bet!!!!,1,False,yellowmoose52
camping,,Years ago on my birthday and Wedding Anniversary the day after..we camped on the beach by Malibu...this was our fire pit and our view every morning🤙🏼🤙🏼,1,False,mikeyjee21
camping,,"Fall along the Duchesne River, Utah, Oct 2020",1,False,hayes_jd
camping,,Woke up to snow this morning!,1,False,AttitudeCool
camping,,Uwharie National Park in NC dispersed camping.,1,False,SpreadTown
camping,"Camping Tarpaulins

&amp;#x200B;

[tarpaulins](https://preview.redd.it/7l131mo1dy461.jpg?width=225&amp;format=pjpg&amp;auto=webp&amp;s=2c55780d9f5dde69442182897310ae190a3149c0)

 OUR **260 GSM Waterproof Green** PE [Heavy duty tarpaulin](https://tarpaulinsshop.co.uk/product-category/heavy-duty-tarpaulins/) 260g/m² – Rubber reinforced corners and edges – All edges stitched with double Coated material on both sides -This tarps is best  for house, garden, outdoor, camping and much more",Some Best Camping Tarpaulins,1,False,waqashafeez2003
camping,I have a mummy bag and a blanket but my face is still cold,How do I keep my face warm while camping in low temps,1,False,I20kI
camping,,It’s not THAT cold,1,False,poopscootboogie2
camping,,"First time backcountry camping: Lake Fausse Pointe State Park in Louisiana, USA.",1,False,Qikly
camping,,The smoke is from gasoline being pored in the fire and putting it out. They were very flammable and got eatin up by fire quickly.,1,False,viKing-84
camping,,Cold wake up,1,False,kevthekeep
camping,,Got out for some winter fun time at one of my favorite fishing spots. Cold and cathartic.,1,False,PDXPTW
camping,,Evening breakfast at camp. Got got back on Thursday to camp. Here for a few more days.,1,False,LadFromTheWoods
camping,,One of the best views to wake up to? I think so!!,1,False,thedorie
camping,,One of the best views to wake up to? I think so!!,1,False,thedorie
camping,"I'm planning on doing a road trip/camping trip next July that ends in Glacier. I've heard of the International Park that extends into Canada with Waterton Park, and I'm wondering if it's worth going up there? I'm staying 2 full days at each of the parks on my list, including Glacier, and I would want to stay a full 2 at Waterton too. I'm just not sure if it's worth it when I'm already seeing Glacier. 

It is enticing to go to a different country on the trip, even if it's just up to Canada, but it extends my trip an extra 3 days. Cost isn't important, as Waterton seems much cheaper than US parks. Another hurdle is that the US-CAN border is currently closed, and it's not certain when it will open. Apparently both countries will come out with a joint recommendation in March, but that isn't guaranteed to open in March. So to do it the border would have to be open, and there would have to be no 14 day quarantine in place, which honestly I think is unlikely. I'm assuming I'll probably have to be vaccinated. 

I'm a US citizen, and I have a valid US passport.",Glacier vs. Waterton Lakes?,1,False,NormanQuacks345
camping,,Australia Regrowth,1,False,grendel123
camping,,"Kookaburra night time chatter in Macedon Ranges, Victoria - Australia.",1,False,EtonMiss88
camping,,"Kayak Twin Bridges to Lowood, Perfect Scenery With Amazing Access To The Brisbane River!",1,False,4_Wheels_On_The_Road
camping,,The struggle is real,1,False,P0t8o-BOI
camping,,San Clemente State Beach campground. One of my favorite camping spot in socal. Love this breath taking view.,1,False,nightmare_broker
camping,,Favorite camping place this summer! (Buena Vista Colorado),1,False,compbasher
camping,"Hi! We are going camping soon and we need a lantern - I would like one with a warm light, preferably one with a rechargeable battery. We tried using a propane one but couldn't get it to work - we are open to trying it again if that is the best option.

Thank you all!",Warm light lantern,1,False,teatreetoothpick
camping,Looking for places on the east coast to go camping this time of year. Everywhere seems to be closed or some type of resort style camping. Trying to find something fairly secluded near trails,US East Coast,1,False,grae23
camping,"I have been looking into the MSR XGK, MSR Dragonfly, and MSR Whisperlite, I thought the Whisperlite would be quiet, but they all seem pretty noisy on the videos.   


Can anyone advise on if the Whisperlite is actually quiet? If not could someone suggest a **quiet**, portable, rugged, high quality, multifuel stove?",what is a good multifuel stove for quiet cooking?,1,False,Flewizzle
camping,,Back country camping this past summer atop a NH 4K,1,False,brick603
camping,,X light..in a covered brige..in Woodstock VT,1,False,yellowmoose52
camping,,A cave isnt always a good place to seek shelter,1,False,yellowmoose52
camping,,Made a diy solo stove from a $10 thermos. Works great! Can’t wait to use it camping. Anyone else make stoves?,1,False,AdventuresWSpackmann
camping,,Sunrise at Joshua Tree National Park,1,False,rungta34
camping,,Marble Ice on a rock in a stream/cold Spring NY,1,False,yellowmoose52
camping,"  For the past 2 years, I have used the 7-gallon Road Shower 4 on numerous camping trips. Its been a great addition to my camping setup. The only issue I have run into is heating the water during the colder months of camping. I have been using a Zodi Hot Shower and was using the pressurized water from my road shower and sending it into the hot shower. That setup worked, but you had to really throttle back the water pressure otherwise the water wouldn’t get hot. It was an annoying setup. Then I had an idea, Heating Elements. I did a few calculations and was sold on the idea. I had a friend of mine weld on 2, 1-inch NPT bungs so that I can install my two heating elements. I am beyond stoked! Happy Camping and Holidays Everyone!",Road Shower 4 with heating elements,1,False,Jarvtime760
camping,,Missing the campouts,1,False,LauraWhora420
camping,,Camping on a hidden sonoran beach,1,False,peuuri
camping,"I am going to start this post with the map link and then tell you about it.  This project is a public service and part of my way to “pay it forward”.

Open GISsurfer BLM recreation map:

[https://mappingsupport.com/p2/gissurfer.php?center=38.980236,-108.428192&amp;zoom=11&amp;basemap=USA\_basemap&amp;overlay=BLM\_land\_shaded,BLM\_land\_outline,BLM-Y\_road\_motorized,BLM\_road\_motorized,BLM\_recreation\_facility&amp;txtfile=https://mappingsupport.com/p2/special\_maps/recreation/BLM\_recreation.txt](https://mappingsupport.com/p2/gissurfer.php?center=38.980236,-108.428192&amp;zoom=11&amp;basemap=USA_basemap&amp;overlay=BLM_land_shaded,BLM_land_outline,BLM-Y_road_motorized,BLM_road_motorized,BLM_recreation_facility&amp;txtfile=https://mappingsupport.com/p2/special_maps/recreation/BLM_recreation.txt)

When the map opens it is centered at an area in western Colorado.  But the map can display BLM data for anywhere, so go ahead and drag the map to your favorite area.  Or click **Menu ==&gt; Search.**

The data the map can display is hosted on one or more **GIS (Geographic Information System) servers** operated by various government entities.  Each time you turn on an overlay layer, data flows from one of those servers to your screen.

The map is displayed by **GISsurfer** which is a general purpose web map I developed.  It can be used by anyone for any non-commercial purpose.  Here is a good way to get a feel for the main features of GISsurfer.

1.  Open the homepage: [https://gissurfer.com](https://gissurfer.com)

2.  Click the big green “Menu” button

3.  Go to the “Help” page, scroll down a bit and read the **“Overview”** section

Also each map I produce has a **“Map tips”** link in the upper left corner of the map.  Those tips include the map legend links, general reminders about how GISsurfer works and any special information that is specific to the map you are viewing.

If you take a moment to read the “Overview” and/or “Map tips” then you will know:

1. How to turn other GIS overlay layers on/off

2. How to make any layer the “top” layer.

3. How to see any attribute data the GIS server is hosting for a layer (hint: click the top layer)

4. How to make your own custom map link

5. And more...

Finally, I have produced some other GIS recreation maps you might also enjoy, including one for national forests and various national parks.  To see those map links, open any GISsurfer map and click **Menu ==&gt; GISsurfer special maps**, then scroll down a bit.",BLM recreation map with lots of GIS overlays you can turn on/off,1,False,Jelfff
camping,,"Talladega National Forest, Alabama",1,False,NoDogFilth
camping,,One of my favorite things about camping is the fire! Nothing beats a good fire. (Our campfire last night at a South Georgia state park.),1,False,michalemabelle
camping,"I want to camp in a more self sufficient style for longer periods than just a few days, living off the rations I bring with me. I'm definitely interested in ""camping"" that leans toward survival, but not straight up survival. If you have any good reads that might fit my needs, I'd appreciate it!",Any good books on long term camping that might even border on survival?,1,False,LambentTyto
camping,,ff blur 708 ff0d072 1602289802692 watermarked,1,False,Agile_Vegetable_6666
camping,nurse here with some days of and i just want to solo camp. I don't need people I just need a destination I'm sure I can go to and some time alone.  I was thinking to go to Death Valley cause I always go this time of the year. I live in Los Angeles - any halp  please,I want to go camping,1,False,julsca
camping,,Lofoten Islands in Norway tour in 4K BlueMoon Universe,1,False,ai_basics
camping,"At the campsite I am going to, I will have to pack out all of my trash. I plan to bring poop bags for when my dog does his business.

 I’m wondering if you have tips where to store the used bags while I’m out there? Would it be OK to leave the poop bags on the ground near campsite, and then remove them all when I pack to leave? I just want to make sure that I’ve been respectful of the area.","First Camp With Dog, Packing out Trash?",1,False,ScienceNerd771
camping,,"Always looks up, and enjoy the view.☄",1,False,YouOtterKnow1
camping,Looking for any reviews or feedback on C&amp;O canal towpath sites. Do they get busy?,Have you camped at the hike-in bike-in sites on the C&amp;O canal?,1,False,AnnaPhor
camping,,Moonrise in South Dakota,1,False,GriffinAa
camping,"I’m getting my daughter and grandkids sleeping pads for the holidays. A little backstory to explain my difficulty choosing the right warmth...

I bought some property this year, since I’ll be living in my RV soon. So now my kids will have somewhere to camp year round, for free! My oldest daughter already has plenty of gear but a lot of it, especially for sleeping, is your basic cheaper car camping stuff made for summer weather. Her kids will be 5 and 7 next year. They definitely need sleeping gear for spring and fall temps in Wisconsin. 

I’ve ordered proper rated 30f mummy bags for the grandkids. My daughter already has a decently made 35f bag. They have some extra lighter bags to add as needed for the weather. 

She also has interlocking EVA foam floor tiles to protect the tents from her dog, dirt and kids. According to the manufacturer this is R1.5. I gave her some recycled denim, like moving blankets, to warm things up and keep their beds from shifting around. That company says the material is R4 per inch and these are 1/4”. I’m assuming I can stack these values along with the pads values? 

If that’s true, I’ll go conservative and call the flooring and “rugs” r2. I was shooting for keeping them safe, if not comfortable, down to at least 20F. Can I expect an R4 sleeping pad to be enough? That might be R6 total. Or should I go higher and ignore the foam floor + rug in my shopping. It’s a pretty big price jump so I thought I’d see if anyone else would trust that rating.",Sleeping pad r-value advice,1,False,WandersWithStew
camping,,One of my favorite tent views from this summer (CA),1,False,sentient_bees
camping,,Woke up I’m the Mojave,1,False,marythenoodle
camping,,Chilly Night in the Eastern Sierra,1,False,Ricky_GiveEmDaHeater
camping,,"Spent my bday solo camping at Caddo Lake State Park, TX",1,False,goshzxc
camping,,"Camping at Caddo Lake State Park, TX",1,False,goshzxc
camping,,Built a rock tower and the campsite - Nakusp Bc,1,False,stonkinverser
camping,,Moonlit Nights in the Eastern Sierra,1,False,Ricky_GiveEmDaHeater
camping,I wanted to camp and it seems like almost every campground is closed. Does anyone know about any campgrounds in California that are open? Thanks.,Any open campgrounds in CA?,1,False,thefutureslp
camping,"If I want to go camping in June or after, then would I have to make a reservation on January 15th? (5 months prior)",Reserving Lower Pines in Yosemite,1,False,SouthernRhubarb6798
camping,,I made a short video to share with you what I take for winter wild camping in Scotland/Highlands. Hope you enjoy it and maybe you see some stuff you still need 😉,1,False,stripeyhatguy
camping,,"Natural Hot Springs only a couple minutes walk away from the campsite - near Whistler, BC",1,False,Cluelesss_sloth
camping,,"Solo Overnight Camping, Hiking, Trekking and Campcooking",1,False,LabelleVie89m
camping,,Hello guys I am seeking a new job as CEO!:),1,False,Fluffy-Weekend863
camping,,Hello guys I am seeking a new job as CEO!:),2,False,Fluffy-Weekend863
camping,,Hello guys I am seeking a new job as CEO!:),1,False,Fluffy-Weekend863
camping,,For Camping Lovers! Rate this illustration.,1,False,hekokep827
camping,,I am going to camp next year.,1,False,gloomioo
camping,I need to put the foam sleeping pad on the outside of my pack because it's massive. But the tent is also massive. I don't have thousands of dollars to throw around so I had to buy cheaper stuff. Is there any way to make this work?,How do I pack both a tent and a foam sleeping pad?,1,False,yenni1600
camping,,Maybe my favorite piece of gear...,1,False,Travis_Empire
camping,,"My wife and I are trying to visit Virginia state parks during this Covid time. We find it helps us get exercise and also helps our mental health. This time we visited Twin Lakes State Park, about an hour from Richmond.",1,False,dreadpiraterobertzzz
camping,,Kicked off winter camping season.⛺ I can’t wait for snow to drop.,1,False,TrailReady_4Runner
camping,"Hi, I work for a Boy Scout council and my camp is in a completion to help us win some money and gear. After a tough year, this could be a big win for the kids in our community. All you’d have to do is go here and vote for the camp that pops up. I get if this gets deleted but any help and support would be appreciated:
 
https://woobox.com/fkozco/gallery/N7MV-JHMcyI

Thank you for the consideration.",Can you help our camp?,1,False,pnick2233
camping,"I was planning on getting one of the classic coleman propane stoves which a lot of people seem to love. I have read some bad recent amazon reviews and on a recent camping trip a friends coleman broke, we returned it to walmart, and the replacement broke again.

I don't want to spend a ton of money but dont mind investing a little extra in something quality.

Any brands and models that you guys would recommend? Definitely want 2 burners with the wind blocking panel.",Propane 2 burner stove recommendations?,1,False,jbaker8484
camping,,"First time camping alone with a friend in the Yarra ranges, near Melbourne",1,False,finnissupercool
camping,,"Kayak in campsite on Upper Priest Lake, ID",1,False,Dwide_Schrute
camping,"Hey! Looking to get my toddlers into urban backyard camping. It’ll be me and the two kids at first, and my wife and son will join us in the future when he’s older. We are in AZ, so something breathable might be nice. I’m okay with dropping $100-$200 on a “first” tent and was looking at a Coleman Evanston 6. I am 6’1” but I don’t think being able to stand straight up in the tent is the most crucial thing at this juncture. Like the idea of a screen room, but it’s not a must have. 

Any help is welcome! Thank you.",Newbie Help,1,False,Captain_Avenue
camping,,Thanksgiving campsite on Upper Priest Lake,1,False,Dwide_Schrute
camping,"I'm getting my wife a new sleep pad and am not sure what to compare between air pads and foam pads. I have a pro deal through Thermarest and am looking at the NeoAir Topo, ProLite Apex, and the LuxaryMap. We want to get into backpacking so the LuxaryMap wouldn't work, that would be for car camping. 

Is something like the Topo going to be as comfy as the ProLite Apex? She has the Klymit Static but that is not comfortable in the slightest",Sleeping pad advice needed,1,False,tjev04
camping,,Backpacking Dolly Sods WV,1,False,wifefan1
camping,,Camping and roads open up in Rocky Mountain National Park,1,False,joannieoconnells14
camping,"I’ve got a bit of a challenge ahead of me, but my thought was that there must be someone that’s already pioneered something like it. 
I’m planning a 2 week trip (two days drive, a day to hike out, 7 days on the spot, another day to pack out, and two days drive home, one day to recover). I’ll be camping in the arctic (Alaska). I’ve been there before and had a great time. I want a way that I can recharge batteries (phone, emergency GPS unit, GoPro, and light sources). The thing is that I may not be able to rely on solar power because of several environmental factors. ie last time I was there, there was a blizzard. I also want something that is lighter because I’ll be hiking/snowshoeing in. Another limiting factor is that there isn’t much to burn up in the arctic to run a gasifier. What have you used or seen before? 

tldr: I want a power source that’s not heavy, solar, or burns wood to operate.",Looking for electricity,1,False,Stoic-Jake
camping,"Got out to my camp and after coffee, got to work getting ready for the cold!

https://youtu.be/8G57e-9yVUQ",Day at camp/Preparing for Winter,1,False,TheBeardedBurton
camping,,Yosemite Backpacking Trip,1,False,lypinator
camping,Anyone know the best places to camp in Austin TX? Going there next week to visit friends and would love some recs!,Camping in Austin TX,1,False,Tatertotsforever1144
camping,"Hey guys,
Not sure who I should come to with this idea but I wanted to get some feedback on the best way to do this.  Im going to be doing some camping in my trailer in some cold alpine environments (in the teens and below at night) and am looking for an alternative to propane for heating.  I could camp pretty close to some hot springs and I had this idea to use them as a potential heat source. (dont worry about fumes, camped here many times without the camper).  I want to run a hose from the springs, through a radiator + fan combi or something like that inside the trailer then hose back to the stream.  Itll depend on a few variables but I think that I can park the trailer in a way that the inlet is a bit higher elevation than the outlet hose which means that I could run it continuously as a siphon instead of running a pump.

Has anyone had any experience with something like this?  If im using a 3/4"" hose and need to pump the water about 30' and up maybe 5', what size pump would you use? Any other thoughts on the best heat exchanger?

Also, stumbled upon this [solar pool heater](https://www.amazon.com/Intex-Solar-Heater-Ground-Swimming/dp/B00O80PSE6/ref=sr_1_3?dchild=1&amp;keywords=solar+pool+heater&amp;qid=1607632668&amp;sr=8-3) which looks like it could be a great off the shelf proof of concept product... What do you guys think?) which looks like it could be a great off the shelf proof of concept product... What do you guys think?",Hot Spring Powered Heater,1,False,beachfreek101
camping,Anyone been here recently? Are there any gates blocking the road in?,Red Creek Campground - Dolly Sods,1,False,insearchoffun69
camping,"I am looking for some ideas for a place to camp the end of March 2021 in the South-Eastern US. My kids (12 &amp; 13) and I were supposed to go on a Caribbean cruise, but I'm 99.9% sure it will be canceled in January.

My son wants to go camping some place where we can cut down trees and make a shelter. I have tent camped my entire life at campgrounds with running water or bathing facilities. I'm not afraid to ruff it as long as I have time to plan. We went tent camping for spring break in 2018 at Stone Mountain, GA. The first 2 nights it was 40F and that was a little too cold for us. So I'm looking for suggestions that are south of Atlanta, so hopefully it's at least 45F at night in March.

We also like to hike, so close to hiking trails would be nice. Any suggestions are appreciated.",DIY Shelter and Camping for March 2021,1,False,HamSandwichNoBread
camping,,"Erikli Camping Area in Yalova, Turkey with a romantic song. 🏕",1,False,bilalpekgoz
camping,,"If you look closely, you’ll see the little guy that accompanied me on my return trip from Joshua Tree National Park. Cheese was my attempt to lure him out, which failed. He really doesn’t want leave. Now on day 5. Not cute anymore. Suggestions to evict him?",1,False,wthom4s
camping,"Hey campers, 

I'm a total indoor noob, but I love campfires -- I want to have a little campfire night somewhere nearby (don't have the time/gear to do a camping trip at the moment). Want to be able to drive up relatively easily, park next to or closeby, have a few hours of campfire fun, and drive back. 

Are there places nearby where I can just go for a nice late evening?   
How would I find them?   
I'm in the San Bernardino, CA area. 

Before you say anything, yes I know this is a silly noob question, but I'm completely new to this stuff and can't figure it out with the internet! I need your awesome experience =)

Thanks!",How to find a campfire area?,1,False,ChiefGentlepaw
camping,,"Crooked Creek - Alberta, Canada",1,False,JoseTetraneto
camping,,A late evening bonfire on Lake Mead.,1,False,tcmisfit
camping,,"Took to the wilderness after loosing my job. The campground gates at Highland Hammock Stata Park, FL were locked. So I drove out, hiked 20 minutes into the darkness. Woke up to this alien dawn.",1,False,Creator_of_entropy
camping,,"Christmas Lights - Tipi Lights, Northern Saskatchewan Canada",1,False,oilers_19
camping,"I've been looking for ways to decrease the amount of smoke I produce when I cook outside.  I know using drier wood always helps but I'm looking for other ways to help it lessen the amount.  I don't want to freak my neighbors out :).

I'm going to be experimenting with air flow in the small fire ring I've built in the backyard, possibly leaving an rock or two out of the back to draw in air or maybe just build a half ring.

I've also seen camp stoves and bush boxes that look interesting.  Do they help with smoke amounts or is it just that the people using them are using really dry wood?",Lessen smoke emitted from fires,1,False,Professional-Two-373
camping,,Sleeping in the shelter of a giant.,1,False,notfromnowhere
camping,,Are these safe for tents/vehicles?,1,False,drunkbackpacker
camping,,Camping in Death Valley and saw this,1,False,pikamachue
camping,,Camping in Death Valley and saw this,1,False,pikamachue
camping,,"Breathtaking. Pollet's Cove, Cape Breton Island, Nova Scotia.",1,False,TheHimmelMan
camping,,What is your favorite camping prank?,1,False,pantaleonivo
camping,,"Camping next to the highest Loch in Scotland, Cairngorms National Park",1,False,gbzero_
camping,,8-10 person family camping tent waterproof tunnel double shelter anti-uv sunshade canopy outdoor hiking Sale,1,False,lion2020
camping,What piece of gear have you bought that has given you the most joy/value on trips?,What’s the best piece of gear you’ve ever bought?,1,False,puckmovingD
camping,,"Beautiful view, Grayson Highlands, Virginia.",1,False,user_543210
camping,"Hello all  


I am looking to gift my partner a voucher for online military surplus supplies. Would anyone know what the best UK store is (in terms of reputation, quality, reliable delivery, etc)?   


A Google search returns:  


militarykit.com  
britishmilitarysupplies.co.uk  
silvermans.co.uk  
militarymart.co.uk  
military1st.co.uk  
genuinemilitarysurplus.co.uk  


Thanks in advance!",Best military surplus stores (UK),1,False,SorchaNB
camping,,Arkansas,1,False,zelbish
camping,,Colorado,1,False,zelbish
camping,,Banff National Park in Canada tour in 4k BlueMoon Universe,1,False,ai_basics
camping,[removed],Amazon Camping Gears,1,False,mi24jones
camping,[removed],Camping Gears,1,False,mi24jones
camping,"Found this foldable one which I like

TOMSHOO Estufa de Leña Camping Hornillo Alcohol Portátil para Madera o Alcohol Camping Senderismo BBQ Picnic https://www.amazon.es/dp/B0891Z831F/ref=cm_sw_r_cp_api_fabc_EwE0Fb0GT45TY?psc=1

But this round one is good but takes up more space 

TOMSHOO Estufa de Leña Camping Hornillo Alcohol Portátil para Madera o Alcohol Camping Senderismo BBQ Picnic https://www.amazon.es/dp/B078Q6THFK/ref=cm_sw_r_cp_api_fabc_sBE0FbCGSWV26

Any thoughts/ ideas are much appreciated!",Looking for lightweight compact able wood stove.,1,False,skyboysky
camping,,"Throwback to this summer, BC Canada",1,False,CherryAnnual1419
camping," 

This is my take in gold standard of outdoor gears. Just to be clear, the gold standard does not imply that product is best product in its class, just it is perceived as best product in its class by consumers like myself. Here is a link to the article =&gt;

[https://sungkim11.medium.com/gold-standard-in-outdoor-equipment-d1b624b45ac1?sk=a852fe3aa9e0f8d0d06f5b71c33f5a20](https://sungkim11.medium.com/gold-standard-in-outdoor-equipment-d1b624b45ac1?sk=a852fe3aa9e0f8d0d06f5b71c33f5a20)

It is work in progress and constructive feedback would be appreciated.",My take in Gold Standard in Outdoor Gears (Work In Progress),1,False,MrSungKim
camping,,Can’t wait to finish up this beast for the 2021 season,1,False,Razsah
camping,"Hello everyone! Me and my bf were going to go camping in Reyes Creek Campgrounds in California, but due to covid, our reservation has been cancelled 😢 was hoping to see if anyone knew of some off the beaten path, camp able spots close by? If not, more south, (we live in Orange County, so anything around 2 hrs away or less, would be ideal) and have similar landscapes to Reyes Creek? 

Thank you in advance!",Camping during COVID?,1,False,cooliomee
camping,,Database of hot and cold spring water locations,1,False,SwampRaider
camping,,"Beach day in Phan Rang, Vietnam",1,False,Tramaz_k
camping,,Big upgrade from the 260 to the jackery Explorer 1000 🥳,1,False,vankers888
camping,,"Did some car camping near Mendocino National Forest, Ca",1,False,kwallwall
camping,,Fire Canyon Hike,1,False,Slaman171
camping,,Willow in Paint Rock NC,1,False,Slaman171
camping,"How is the cell/WiFi coverage at Padre Island National Seashore.  I have Verizon and a MiFi device and a WeBoost cell booster.  

Unfortunately I’ve got to have coverage for work while vacationing.  

Any experience using the above?",Padre Island National Seashore Cell and WiFi,1,False,lindquist77
camping,,National parks on point in Western Australia,1,False,austaul
camping,,a new york late day storm,1,False,yellowmoose52
camping,,How To Plan The Perfect Camping Trip,1,False,sopadebombillas
camping,,"Crooked Creek - Alberta, Canada",1,False,JoseTetraneto
camping,,"triple falls,nys",1,False,yellowmoose52
camping,"While I am not an ultralight camper, I rarely car camp and instead hike or raft to campsites. But my brother in law is a big car camper - does anyone have any car camping essentials that you think would make a good gift for a semi-broke car camper? (tent,bag,stove he has). Thanks for your thoughts!!",Car Camping Essentials?,1,False,MEATBALLisDELICIOUS
camping,,"I don’t work for a living, I work so I can go out and camp and play",1,False,sn0wman117
camping,,"The 'under legge"" at kaaterskill falls/and long gone kaaterskill hotel of victorian age",1,False,yellowmoose52
camping,,A cold moonlit night at The Smoky Mountains 🌙 🏕,1,False,Remote-Manner2605
camping,"[**Folding camping stoves**](https://www.breathintravel.com/best-camping-stoves/) Here are the best camping stoves for overnight outdoor adventure, family camping, ultralight and backpacking with affordable price. Visit now to know more",Folding camping stoves,1,False,breath_in_travel
camping,,Wanting to bring the bike along but it sways too much on this rack. Any tips to stop the swinging (esp against my car lol)?,1,False,freedom_oh
camping,,"High Falls,NY",1,False,yellowmoose52
camping,,The upper falls@Kaaterskill,1,False,yellowmoose52
camping,,"Blue lake is so gorgeous, and naturally heated!",1,False,LauraWhora420
camping,,Winter camp at Gualala County Park campground on Sonoma Mendocino border. I'm sure the cool dampness of the costal redwood grove is more welcome in summer.,1,False,tenparceks
camping,"Planning a long roadtrip this summer and was hoping to get some feedback on my itinerary. The plan is to fly in and out of one city (Salt Lake City) and rent a truck (or SUV if that would be better?) and camping gear. Stops would be:

[arrive in Salt Lake City]
Zion NP (2 days)
Bryce Canyon/Grand Staircase-Escalante (3)
Arches NP (2)
[overnight in Boulder]
Rocky Mountain NP (2)
Scotts Bluff (1)
Badlands NP (2)
Mount Rushmore/Devils Tower (1)
Theodore Roosevelt NP (2)
[overnight in Bozeman, MT)
Yellowstone NP (3)
Grand Teton NP (2)
[depart SLC]

Would like to fit this in a three-week window. I have never gone camping before but do enjoy hiking. Is this too ambitious? Not enough time at any stop? Any feedback or general advice would be appreciated.",Mountain West National Park Roadtrip Itinerary Advice,1,False,BrentVenables
camping,[Google Questionnaire ](https://forms.gle/JaqmjYDHGmN5mEqSA),Please could you complete my Questionnaire on camping for A Level Design,1,False,griminal01
camping,,Lost in the pines.,1,False,i_like_it_raw_
camping,"OK.  I live dangerously.  I have used catalytic heaters in a tent.  I leave a window or door open.  Just wondering if a CO detector would work in a tent, or if anybody does that, or if anyone has some tips or experience.

Thank you.",Heater and CO detector in tent,1,False,dresserisland
camping,,"Hammock Campground at Jennings State Forest, Florida. Took the dog camping to check out the Quail Enhancement Area this past weekend. Had a great time.",1,False,insurancefun
camping,"Hello all... just looking for some advice... my Husband and I are traveling to Shenandoah national park this weekend ...it looks like the weather is supposed to be in the 50s in that area so I’m not expecting snow but would you think that accessing the trails we would be fine without having a 4 Wheel Dr. vehicle? More like a lower to the ground car... we have both but figured if we don’t have to waste gas in the bigger cars we wouldn’t. We plan to hike old rag and something else, not sure yet. Thanks!",Shenandoah National Parm,1,False,bmccoy22
camping,,"Some early winter camp, cooking and bushcrafting in the hot tent!",1,False,evanle5ebvre
camping,"Lake Powhatan...stunning!
https://youtu.be/I-S57-OHU6M",Went here this weekend. Beautiful!,1,False,eatin_good
camping,,Leaving a new hydro flask at my favorite camping spot for someone to find on the holidays,1,False,KaylaFainArt
camping,,difficult making up my mind to stay put at Hizir or hike my way up.,1,False,ChaddiBhoot
camping,,Survival knives....you might be doing it wrong...,1,False,ComeOnLetsRoll
camping,,"Survival knives...here’s what you need to know, and a bit of what you don’t... https://wetheready.com/?p=57",1,False,ComeOnLetsRoll
camping,,"Survival knives...here’s what you need to know, and a bit of what you don’t... https://wetheready.com/?p=57",1,False,ComeOnLetsRoll
camping,Anyone happen to know some good BLM spots to overnight in Southern California?,Southern California BLM?,1,False,MooShoo20
camping,,"Mutau Flat Rd, Los Padres Nat. Forrest, Ca",1,False,Madman0_o
camping,"Hey y'all. Typing this on my phone. I attempted my first solo camping trip on the east edge of the front range. It didn't go great so I need to hear your thoughts. 

I have good gear/experience for 4-season car camping so I wanted to go out for a casual Monday evening even if no one else could (finals? Never heard of her). I found a campsite in a familiar area that I could reach by car. 

I get there and the snow-covered road is blocked by a gate. I jog a half mile to the campsite, scope out the spot (awesome!), and then go back to my car to begin hauling gear (the second of four trips, I forgot my keys on trip #3). I have never camped in the ""backcountry"" or without access to my car. I set it all up and was really warm and comfortable and caught a beautiful sunset...then I had some problems (possibly inconveniences, let me know).  

Problem #1: I had planned on storing my food in my car in a big ole airtight bin that I couldn't have carried to the site. I didn't want to bring the food to the campsite to eat later and I didn't wanna go back and forth every time I got hungry. I left the food and extra water in the car despite knowing how hard it is to sleep on an empty stomach. 

Questions: Is a bear canister okay to bring to a campsite? Do I need to hang my food (double-bag&amp;rope)? What is y'all's best way to store food at a campsite?

Problem #2: What to do?! The sun sets at 4:30PM, and I didn't see the need for a fire, so I was hanging in the tent. I had a book, but I found myself too distracted by the noises of nature and my thoughts to focus (mountain lion sightings in this area). I've never worried about animals or solitude while camping before. I found myself laying down, staring at the ceiling and thinking about ways to get mauled and the pretzels in my trunk. Usually I talk to my friends, drink, and play music and games. I have other hobbies like plants, hiking, yoga but the dark intimidates me. 

Questions: How do y'all pass time while camping alone? Does total isolation ever get easier to adjust to? 

I woke up after a little bit of sleep, hungry and with cramps, and decided to cut my losses. Got up, packed everything, carried it out in one trip (knife at the ready) and drove home. BUT I am not deterred. I don't mind that it's winter and I would really like to try again... just want to be ready for road closures and isolation in the future. Bestow your wisdom onto me. 

First time poster. Love this sub. Thanks for the inspiration!",First solo camping trip blues,1,False,noiamnotokay
camping,,"Death Valley Evening, Nov 19,2020",1,False,ssnc17
camping,,"setting up shop in the Alabama Hills, CA",1,False,logden123
camping,,Switzerland tour in 4K BlueMoon Universe,1,False,ai_basics
camping,,Utah camping with the boys,1,False,compbasher
camping,,Canyonlands camp trip with the crew!,1,False,compbasher
camping,,Canyonlands camping with the boys!,1,False,compbasher
camping,,With arms wide open. My dude in to of the island in the sky canyon lands,1,False,HagenhamboneIII
camping,"
https://abc7.com/december-2020-meteor-shower-geminid-jupiter-saturn-great-conjunction/8470478","Curious. Anyone going camping this sunday night to catch the geminoids meteor shower? If so, where are you going?",1,False,shells0826
camping,,Tent camping @ Treebones along Big Sur coastline (not from this year). Candlelight dinner setup next to the tent.,1,False,CoverDrive6
camping,,Fish Lake Utah 2020,1,False,Foreverfenixx
camping,"Hey all, first post here. Forgive me if this isn't the right place for this kind of query, but I'm wondering if anyone else had camping plans in any of the California State or National Parks scheduled for the near term, and found out recently they'd be cancelled due to from what is, in my view, a very confused approach to controlling the spread. (I'm not sure exactly where the risk in camping arises, but perhaps someone could enlighten me on this.) 

I was really looking forward to solo camping and/or camping with a partner who lives with me on the one break I get all year, but all that is dashed now. Trying to figure something else out. Suggestions? At this current stage of my camping career, I was primarily interested in car camping, given that I don't have a perfectly collapsible setup that would make dispersed camping a viable option. Areas I'd consider include most of California, perhaps Arizona as well, really anywhere within a \~6-7 hour drive of the greater LA metropolitan area.",California camping ideas given the new order...?,1,False,darktechsundays
camping,,NorCal home for tonight.,1,False,HauteTater
camping,"I was planning on camping at Yosemite that first full week of January but Because of the California stay  at home order they closed down ass overnight things, so no overnight camping or lodging so I was wondering if anyone knew of some places to camp around Yosemite. Either near it, or somewhere in the mid to southern California area. Looking for some place around there and that has some chance of having snow or snowfall there as well.",Need somewhere to camp,1,False,Sebas3702
camping,"Took Kodiak Canvas tent out for a winter camp, and wondering how those that have done similar have dried them out?

It's currently covered in ice and snow that was on the bottom of the tent and sides from freezing rain and wondering about how to dry and store safely. Any tips would be appreciated.",Drying canvas tent after winter camping,1,False,Kawarthaadventurer
camping,,"Last trip was cold, but it was a blast! Watson Mill Bridge State Park, GA",1,False,DiosMioMan2
camping,,Lake Minnewaska in NYS,1,False,Zak570
camping,,Always the best way to camp 😅,1,False,wutscrackin55
camping,Can anyone recommend a good brand for bashas/tarps? I’ve read a lot mixed reviews online,Tarps,1,False,andypandy8686
camping,"For those of you who camp a lot/RVing, I'm in need of some inventory help.

My boss is renovating the office and bought some shelves to put a small store inside her rv park. She also wants to get a couple small fridges for cold products.

I'm wondering what kind of things do you wish you had in the rv park or campground for convenience, or items you had forgotten that would've made your experience so much better. 

For more context, the park is located in the Olympic Peninsula, Washington. And we get a lot of hikers, fisherman loggers and tourist. If that helps in anyway.

Appreciate any advice, or just reading this post.",Heeeey You Guuuyzzz!,1,False,MadRedRaccoon
camping,,"I had to skip Thanksgiving this year. So instead I spent three days in the High Peaks Wilderness in NY. To keep my mind off of missing the holiday, I made a cinematic video of the trip that I hope you'll enjoy. Let me know what you think!",1,False,JarHeadVet
camping,,A shot from this weekend,1,False,alyl218917
camping,,My warm and cozy setup for the winter,1,False,OiMcCoy
camping,,Indoor Camping 🏕️,1,False,MatsGry
camping,,Solar Generator for 240V well Pumps - Don't be without water when the power is out!,1,False,BodyGun
camping,,"A shot of a campfire in Dubai desert, plus the fire seems to show a horse figure somehow",1,False,sarahsab
camping,,Camping in Turkey/Hacıllı 🏕,1,False,Dyg_kasdas
camping,"We had the whole place to ourselves.  It was a perfect new moon night to see all the stars, I wish I had a camera that could have captured it.",Mills Canyon Campground in New Mexico over the summer.,1,False,this_my_internetname
camping,,Pioneer Woofer | 1400 w | TS-W308D2 | What's Inside | پاینیر ووفر | 1400...,1,False,SolutionToFix
camping,,"Whats the most annoying thing you have needed and left at home while camping? How did you Adapt, Improvise and overcome?",1,False,MHodson_83
camping,,"Whats the most annoying thing you have left at home while camping? How did you Adapt, Improvise and overcome?",1,False,MHodson_83
camping,"Whether you are traveling or you need to spend the night in the car for many reasons,[inflatable car air beds](https://www.mirakeyairmattress.com/) can make you have a good night. It can definitely become an excellent accessory,allow you to enjoy great comfort in the car!

https://preview.redd.it/kao29zu1px361.jpg?width=790&amp;format=pjpg&amp;auto=webp&amp;s=5e814dac34fc12d9ff978b62a768c997afd69959",Are inflatable car air beds worth it ?,1,False,airmattressMirakey
camping,,Roxy loves campfires after hiking!,1,False,Jmcguigan1
camping,,"First time below freezing in the ikamper, 80% humidity and 26 degrees. Good thing I have the amp hours to run my electric blanket for days",1,False,Cute-Ad-1392
camping,,"Didn't know that Harry potters train exists in real life ! ""From my last camping trip""",1,False,lattetonicc
camping,"In 2 weeks, we are taking a trip to Tahoe for 2 nights. We have a winter tent and stove but I cannot find any information on winter camp sites available. All the grounds on the state park websites are closed. Is sno park options just for RVS? Does anyone have any advice on campgrounds in southern Tahoe open in the winter?",Please advise on Tahoe winter camping sites,1,False,fl00ferz
camping,,My sweet camping setup on the beach.,1,False,AndysfishingOfficial
camping,"I’ve just become a single parent to my 7 year old. We would love to go on some trips together. I have camped before but not as a single parent

Any tips and tricks? If you have a photo of your set up would like to see it

I’m in Australia so won’t have to worry about snow just hot weather 

Thank you all",After tips for a single parent,1,False,parsley-on-rice
camping,"I’ve just become a single parent to my 7 year old. We would love to go on some trips together. I have camped before but not as a single parent

Any tips and tricks? If you have a photo of your set up would like to see it

I’m in Australia so won’t have to worry about snow just hot weather 

Thank you all",Camping tile for single parents,1,False,parsley-on-rice
camping,,Kaaterskill falls in NYS,1,False,yellowmoose52
camping,"It is a perfect time to headed out into the backcountry for an ATV camping trip in Northern New Mexico. The nights are getting cold and a campfire, grilled ribeye, and cold beer hit the spot! New Mexico Mountains are no stranger to getting cold at night.","Backcountry ATV Camping: Wood Grilled Ribeye, Rock Cliff Lookout &amp; Cold ...",1,False,ManzanomanAdventure
camping,,Solo truck camping in NH. October 2020,2,False,fuccboi92
camping,,Trail etiquette sign reminding us some basic rules still apply in the time of Covid,1,False,wthom4s
camping,,Fall vibes and Dolly Sods Wilderness,1,False,Brianarchy33
camping,,Is there a way to find a temperature estimate at a specific location? If I just go by the zip code/nearest town it can be quite a bit different than it is where I’m planning to camp.,1,False,drunkbackpacker
camping,,"Cold night for stargazing at Garner SP, Texas",1,False,travesto
camping,[deleted],Hi,1,False,[deleted]
camping,,It was only a dream...,1,False,Seminight7
camping,I’m planning a (socially distanced) camping road trip next June from Pennsylvania to San Francisco with a detour through Utah with my family of 3. We did this trip in reverse last year only this time we have a dog. I’m looking for ideas of cool places to camp along the way where we can take the dog hiking. She’s little and we’ll have a dog backpack for her too. I just don’t know where to start and most of the national parks aren’t dog friendly!,"Dog friendly camping in Nebraska, Wyoming, Idaho, Utah, Nevada?",1,False,sssheri6037
camping,,This is my families plot out in East Central New Mexico.,1,False,themoochiest
camping,,I've been making some home made candles.,1,False,WonkyShoe
camping,,Went northeast of Sunset Falls Washington and found a nice place to knit and have a fire!,1,False,Cooperdooperdog
camping,"Looking on spending about £150 max, hoping it will keep me warm in the snow in Scotland",Can someone reccomend a good budget winter tent please?,1,False,ChuckBass11
camping,"So, I've been camping since I was a kid and have always used air mattresses and I want to switch to something else. A while ago I saw a nice and thick sleeping pad that looked like it was stuffed with wool or something in a thrift shop. Does anyone know what that style of sleeping pad is called? Basically a big pillow.",Camping Bed Types,1,False,BuffaloZAUCE
camping,"I just got back from 4 cold days in Poe Paddy State Park. I didn't realize that I was the only one to reserve a site during that time. It was beautiful, relaxing, and just a little weird to not see anyone for days at a time. Its a wonderful small rustic state park along the famous Penn's Creek.

[Night comes early in the valley!](https://preview.redd.it/tu3b71ax0t361.jpg?width=4000&amp;format=pjpg&amp;auto=webp&amp;s=4465f2744598360f41e818dc6034379b0a891bcd)","All Alone in Poe Paddy State Park, Pennsylvania",1,False,YorkVol
camping,,Lake is the border between countries view on Bilecko Lake (BIH) from the Red Rock (Montenegro),1,False,jonny_b_cool
camping,,Camp Wine? [Adventure Pouch Review],1,False,decarjos
camping,"I'd like to clean my filthy down sleeping bag and jacket. I hear that using laundry detergent is not ideal. However, I have some borax lying around. Is that a viable option?

How much should I use?

I'm not inclined to buy a special detergent if there is a DIY option.",Borax to wash down feather jacket + sleeping bag,1,False,an00j
camping,,"Solo camping trip back in August. Packwood, WA",1,False,kennethanyanwu
camping,,"Solo camping trip back in August. Packwood, WA",1,False,kennethanyanwu
camping,,Chicken cage hanger,1,False,killadoublebrown
camping,"Hello!

I have 2-weeks vacation at the end of the year and was thinking about driving south from Indiana to the gulf (or Atlantic) cost to do some tent/car camping.  

I was thinking about something like Fort Clinch State Park in Florida or maybe something near Gulf Shores, Pensacola, or New Orleans.   The plan is to stay isolated form others as much as possible.

Mainly looking for some place that's going to have decent weather that I can escape to for a week or so.  

I would greatly appreciate any recommendations!",Looking to escape south in December,1,False,IndyScan
camping,,"Hi Friend, Welcome to my blog at Bearinforest.com, and I hope you will find what you need. Honestly, I'm run out of the budget to continue blogging, so that please save the information somewhere else.",1,False,deann90
camping,,Truck camping up in Prescott national forest,1,False,Wraithdelsol89
camping,"I want to take my tent out somewhere but as soon as I step outside, I just walk back in, lol. But being inside is so boring so I’m trying to find good but cheap clothing for cold temps. Anywhere between 10-40°F.",Can someone recommend cheap but good clothing for the winter?,1,False,Tuisdheisj
camping,,First time camping for the weekend! We love all the new gear we got and trying out this new thing we’ve never done! Many more camping weekends in our future I’m sure!,1,False,firsttimerunner
camping,,A pic from my Angel's Landing hike last year with my wife.,1,False,Brianarchy33
camping,,ARIZONA...Has anyone camped near Forest Roads 535 or 237 off the 89 between Flagstaff and Sedona? Thinking about going for Christmas. Any input is appreciated.,1,False,drunkbackpacker
camping,,Has anyone camped near Forest Roads 535 or 237 off the 89 between Flagstaff and Sedona? Thinking about going for Christmas. Any input is appreciated.,1,False,drunkbackpacker
camping,,Took the fam out to freeze haha,1,False,sh3mad3m3doit
camping,,Peaceful and beautiful Upstate Née York at 22 degrees!,1,False,CampMoonChild
camping,[deleted],Why me,1,False,[deleted]
camping,,"Had the campground all to ourselves this weekend. Ryerson Station State Park, PA.",1,False,PresKennedy
camping,,"Nicht nur für Wintercamper. Die 20 Tipps zum Kauf, Aufbau, Handhabung und weitere wichtige Aspekte zum Camping Vorzelt. Mit Video Interview der 700 qm doorout.com Zeltausstellung. #AceAirAllSeason400 #Dometic #Dooroutcom #Erfahrungen #Fulda #Interview #Kampa #Video #Vorzelt #Zelt #Zeltausstellung",1,False,camperhelp
camping,,Dispersed (free) camping on BLM land out west has really changed the camping game for us. Spot our little tent out in the desert with nothing around for miles.,1,False,lavender_12
camping,,I can't 👀😂😭,1,False,fooooock
camping,,"RiverNook -Kern River, CA",1,False,conme75
camping,"Hi everyone! So I’m new to this community and I’m just looking for some advice from all of  you more-seasoned campers. In about a week my boyfriend and I are heading to the smoky mountain national park to do some winter camping!This is my first time camping on my own as an adult (I’m 22, and have been camping many times with my father who is an avid hunter and outdoorsman, but never on my own and with my own gear) and my boyfriends first time camping ever! I have had experience with winter camping in Florida but I haven’t experienced it in the cold of North Carolina. We are doing front country camping in the smokemont camp ground. What should I know about camping in the winter in the Smokies and what are some useful tips? Also what gear would you recommend? So far I have my tent and our sleeping bag (0 degree Fahrenheit double sleeping bag, and a 4 season tent) along with some winter clothes. Thanks! I’ll definitely give an update later next week on how it goes!",FIRST TIME CAMPING!,1,False,Illustrious_Ad_8643
camping,"Hi all. I’ve been - tent camper. As kids are getting bigger, I started considering a truck+trailer option. And... realized there are so many options.... so asking for help for a good starting point.. 
I’m considering a truck + trailer, so i can use truck for my commute else.
Have two ~10yrs old kids.
No experience in RV yet.
Is there a good web page or video that explains various options for newbie?
What’s good site to search used RVs?
What would you buy?

I guess I have million questions... 
thanks in advance!",RV suggestions,1,False,hytgbn500
camping,"So Thanksgiving this year was a gorgeous, free, pretty isolated camping spot off King Road and the 95 near Quartzite, Arizona (just over the border from Blythe, California). Dry camping, so no water or toilets.

To me, camping is best when I have a good deal of distance from my fellow campers.","Amazing Dispersed Camping in Kofa National Wildlife Refuge, Arizona",1,False,herstoryhistory
camping,,Campsite thieves in Arizona by Young. The Gila County Sheriffs Office is seeking the public’s help in identifying two suspects.,1,False,Buster452
camping,,Utah is beautiful,1,False,WhiskeyTacos666
camping,,This little spot I found off the trail where I hung out and made lunch,1,False,TheAtomak
camping,,Applies to camping with kids too...,1,False,ComeOnLetsRoll
camping,,sunset at white sands,1,False,nightheron420
camping,,"PNW Camping - Winter at Golden Ears Park, BC",1,False,PocoJenny
camping,Going camping over christmas with some vegetarians and meat eaters.,Any good camping recipes?,1,False,lisalochinvar
camping,,Figured I’d post this lovely little spot I camped in this summer,1,False,Honeysuckle-Trout
camping,,Winter Camp,1,False,all_g0Od
camping,,"Camping buddy looking regal out front of the campsite. Adirondacks NY, near Old Forge",1,False,kornawe
camping,"CA just issued a stay at home order, banning overnight stays at campgrounds. Is there any sites or land that we can legally stay overnight on? We'd be in a rented RV that must be returned in Los Angeles. Hoping there is a way, but thinking we might have to figure out an alternative route. Currently we'd be coming by way of southern Nevada and hoping to stay around Death Valley.  
Hoping someone has a workaround that is legal and still allows exploring Death Valley for a couple days without backtracking to camp at night.",Any legal way to spend a night or two in southern California next week in an RV?,1,False,6045414
camping,,Black stone cooking at silver springs Florida,1,False,Hotmess6445
camping,,Tad chilly this weekend.,1,False,pbcmini
camping,I wanna see everyone’s top camping spots from 2020! Obviously you don’t have to post the exact location just some photos or experiences you had!,2020 Camping Trips,1,False,K_PUNKI3
camping,,Wilderness camping Kagga Kamma (South Africa) Feb 2019,1,False,CanAmSteve
camping,,Hudson River @ sunset...looking across to Storm King Mtn.,1,False,yellowmoose52
camping,,"Camping in a Natural Winter Emergency Shelter. Lapland, Northern Sweden.",1,False,TSMAdventures
camping,"COVID cancelled our lives and we cannot travel between countries easily, but If you love hiking routes you should walk the Lycian Way in Turkey.

https://preview.redd.it/ln8dt84uwm361.jpg?width=750&amp;format=pjpg&amp;auto=webp&amp;s=93e8bd8fd72efde7e2ae90997937a8a3b06241be

[https://aniluzun.net/lycian-way-hiking-in-turkey](https://aniluzun.net/lycian-way-hiking-in-turkey)",Lycian Way – Hiking in Turkey 2021,1,False,FroyoTop1299
camping,,Good idea for gifts,1,False,After-Friendship-934
camping,,"Got a whack of snow, heading into the village to do errands, winter wonderland up here at camp in the Highlands.",1,False,LadFromTheWoods
camping,,"📍Kaloli Point, Hawaii",1,False,Wheelin_n_Reelin
camping,,Best way to cook when camping.,1,False,BSCLLC
camping,,"Climbing Mount Longonot, camping in Oloiden camp site and driving in HellsGate",1,False,Ninaform
camping,,A gorgeous sunset and my favorite one person tent,1,False,estebangetsnaked
camping,,Ever tried making a fire one handed? It’s harder than it sounds and is exactly what I had a go at in my latest video on YouTube. Give it a look and subscribe if you enjoy 😉 🔥 If you have any ideas for other (realistic) bushcraft challenges I can do please let me know!,1,False,KoloKraft-Bushcraft
camping,,"Frazier Mountain, California",1,False,Madman0_o
camping,"What are the best mountain camping areas with around LA?

I camped on Frazier Mountain earlier this week and it was amazing.",Best Camping Spots in SoCal,1,False,Madman0_o
camping,,weekend getaway with my love,1,False,DBLdepressoEspresso
camping,,Camping and Hiking in Big Bend Ranch State Park in a Little Guy Max Trailer,1,False,AFK_Days
camping,,Staying warm by the Hoh River.,1,False,notfromnowhere
camping,,My Christmas Shuh Duh Fuh Cup camping,1,False,Tonya_Chenier77
camping,,"Romania,Sarmizegetusa. August 2020",1,False,namistaix
camping,,Some cool pictures I got from hiking trip to Lycian way (Sarıbelen-Cukurbag) Ruins are from an old city called Phellos (6-7 BC),1,False,Oriks32
camping,,Isolating the way we like it,1,False,kevinslater98
camping,,Mount Barney QLD Australia,1,False,Ok_Show_35
camping,"I’m wanting to go car camping for the first time in my Subaru Crosstrek in December of January. I live in Ventura County and I’m having trouble finding solid spots to car camp at. 

A campground is an obvious choice, but I would like to be more separated from people. 

Let me know if you guys have any recommendations. Thank you!",Any SoCal dispersed camping recommendations?,1,False,shootsbysamk
camping,,Camped for 2 nights in Oklahoma. Had one great experience and one not so great. Where do y’all like to camp in OK?,1,False,WeekendCamping
camping,,Maybe I won't have to say it anymore!!!!,1,False,EmbarrassedSundae796
camping,"Hello campers! I was wondering if any Georgians could suggest camping locations which may be open in the winter. Preferably with a lake for kayaking but really looking for any campsites in secluded areas (hopefully accessible via 4x4) for winter camping!

Thanks!!!","Winter camping recommendations in GA, USA",1,False,SeattleOverSF
camping,,View from my picnic table: There's a GOOD moon on the rise!,1,False,HipcampHosts
camping,,"Camping trip this summer, Gröningen, Germany",1,False,GarudaJerman
camping,[removed],Credit Repair MAGIC,1,False,oluwawhyzerr
camping,"Due to the rising number of COVID infections, and rising hospitalization, parts of CA may fall under new stay-at-home and travel restrictions. SoCal, for example, soon.

Federal facilities may honor the state guidelines and close camping. For example, Death Valley: 

&gt;If the State of California's Regional Stay at Home Order goes into effect, then the park would close campgrounds for at least 3 weeks. Day use of the park would still be open.",Heads up to California campers: camping may be closing soon in some areas,1,False,211logos
camping,,Free Campsites Around Brisbane!?,1,False,4_Wheels_On_The_Road
camping,,Camping in the shade of the trees.,1,False,bilalpekgoz
camping,"I have some experience and am really into backpacking but it’s been a while. I figured out I was allergic to wasps back when I was lifeguarding in my early twenties and was still planning on doing the Wonderland in late summer of 2018. Unfortunately a few weeks before my trip I got stung and nearly died - apparently I was so allergic that I bypassed most of the steps into anaphylaxis and just jump to the coma and death bit. So of course the trip was nixed and I started venom desensitization the following year. Now it’s been 2 years and I am finally on maintenance stages of my treatment. I’ve been stung since and only had a mild reaction. I still carry an epipen. 

Now I’m ready to get back out there. Along with my boyfriend of the past 2 years. Problem is he is not really into backpacking but is willing to try it for me. I’m doing the Art Loeb trail in a couple of weeks but he’s elected to sit it out. After a long discussion we’ve decided that he’s not in shape enough to do 30 miles of strenuous hiking for his first time. It’s disappointing because we wanted to share this experience together but I respect and understand his decision. 

I’m looking for some beginner backpacking trips to help ease him into it. We live in the southeast and are mainly looking at 1 or 2 days to start off. He wants something not terribly strenuous as well. He’s not in good shape but we’ve agreed to work on that together before taking our first trip. 

Some wants but not requirements would be cool weather, water features, and good views. 

I’m an ultralight hiker but also have car camping and standard backpacking gear for 3-seasons. I don’t expect him to ever be as into it as I am but do want him to enjoy the occasional trip and maybe work up to a multi-day trip eventually.",Beginner backpacking trips in the Southeast?,1,False,Badpoozie
camping,,Big Sur car camping,1,False,DizzyDaisy416
camping,,"Granby, CO back in June ❤️",1,False,Transparentttunnel
camping,,Extraterrestrial,1,False,salad_dressing_dude
camping,,"We got a new instant tent on Amazon. After using it for awhile, I wouldn't go back to the old style of popup tents. These new instant tents are just way easier and faster to put up. At least if you are car camping like we are",1,False,dreadpiraterobertzzz
camping,,Winter Tarp Shelter Camping in a Snow Storm - Chicken Campfire Cooking -...,1,False,The_Nature_Junkie
camping,,My wife and I are trying to visit state parks in Virginia during this Covid time. We find it helps us get exercise and also helps our mental health. We are so thankful there are so many parks available for people to visit. It is such a blessing during this stressful and chaotic time!,1,False,dreadpiraterobertzzz
camping,,I couldnt afford a camper so I built my own put of craigslist trailer.,12,False,Unp0pularp0v
camping,"Why would you need a flashlight in the sunlight, evidently just to charge. I only have the HybridLight Journey 300, but they seem to have several other products that provide the same survival perks. The flashlight runs for up to 50 hours on a single charge, charges in a couple of hours of sunlight, holds a charge for 7 years, can also be charged by a wall outlet, can be used to charge other devices, floats, is waterproof, feels great in the hand, and even aims its solar panel upward when placed on its side. Definitely worth checking out for those that may be looking for a new tool to add to the backpack. 

[https://hybridlight.com/](https://hybridlight.com/)

Last I checked, you can still save 20% with the code LED14.",★ Solar Flashlight,0,False,dudelively
camping,"Howdy campers!

I'm currently working on a project for my bachelors degree, and have been tasked with speaking to experts in the camping industry about what they think is the biggest barrier/problem stopping people from camping more regularly?

It be a massive help to get you opinions on the topic, so any thoughts, comments, random gibberish ranting is welcome.

If you are a camping business owner or are involved in the industry professionally, then I'd especially love to hear form you  


Thanks in advance  :)",What is the biggest problem stopping people from camping?,2,False,sensitivelyrude
camping,,Manaslu Tsum Valley Trek,1,False,himalayanadv
camping,"Me my friends live near Houston,TX and we want to take a camping trip around the area even a little far such as Austin or San Antonio. I’ve found so camping grounds but they seem a little too  “public” . Of any are from the area or know the area can you please give a suggestion . Any kind would be nice just trying to enjoy the outdoors while it’s chilly . Thank you",First time camper asking for a suggestion,2,False,Dog1023
camping,Anyone know of any good lightweight budget friendly sleeping bags? I'm trying to find something in -10° to -20° range that won't make my bank account cry. Any help would be greatly appreciated! Thank you!,Need a cold weather bag on a budget,1,False,oldbohunter69
camping,Within the next month im planning on going on my first camping trip(yay!) and we will be sleeping in cots and want to protect the tent flooring. Whats a good way to go about that? Personally i feel like just a couple layers of duct tape where the legs will sit would be suffice in stopping damage.,Cots and tents,2,False,Godtierbunny
camping,,"Alta Lake near Telluride, CO. Dispersed (free) camping on lake, walking distance of ghost towns, mine shafts, waterfalls. Recommend higher than car clearance vehicle to climb mountain (we were in a 4runner). Near here is the 2 first AC generation facilities built worldwide, designed by Nikola Tesla",17,False,SnooCompliments6873
camping,,sheep in winter snow,16,False,yellowmoose52
camping,,This was taken at Fort Flagler campground (Washington state) in the morning back in September when smoke filled the Pacific Northwest from surrounding fires. It was surreal to see an Eagle perched on top of a dead tree. Very symbolic of the time we are in.,13,False,SwanLily
camping,,When the music and the fire takes you there...,14,False,CM1974
camping,"We are thinking about going camping either this month or next for a change of scenery. We'd probably go somewhere in the Berkshires, but we have a 1 year old and a dog we'd bring. I'm second guessing myself on how cold is too cold. 

&amp;#x200B;

Thoughts? Experiences doing this? We have plenty of cold weather gear.",How cold is too cold to camp with a 1 year old?,1,False,throwaway4pics123456
camping,"Would prefer not to use propane, and had found the ""Geyser"" system that REI supposedly sells, but after getting charged and them missing the delivery date, they admitted they were waiting on stock and hoped to ship in a few weeks (while sitting on my almost $380). I thanked them for the opportunity, but requested a refund - which I am supposed to see on Monday.

So I'm back to looking for something that works and might actually be available in time for me to test it out in a few weeks. Anything that folks here have used that would work in cold (not freezing) conditions if you don't want to chance it with the public showers?",Portable Electric Hot Shower - Anything Out There that Works and is in Stock,0,False,VersusWorldChannel
camping,,Propane heater hack using a thermo electric wood stove fan. Rigged this up to heat my camper!,4,False,Unp0pularp0v
camping,,jack fence in Sheridan MT,3,False,yellowmoose52
camping,,"Moonlit shot of El Capitan, Yosemite National Park.",28,False,rungta34
camping,[deleted],"Honeymoon Road Trip Adventure for 1yr, Camping at 43 National Parks beginning January 2021! 🏕 Follow Our Adventure here 👉🏼 https://www.nationalparkadventureguide.com",0,False,[deleted]
camping,"Just checked into yeezy ranch, ask me anything",ye,1,False,dabs4nigz
camping,,I will always love this camping spot.,1,False,gdawg1687
camping,"I'm trying to get a general feel for what experience I might get from tent camping in national forests, national parks, and state parks and forests.  For those of you who camp a lot, what mix do you get with good vs bad experiences as it relates to other campers? I don't really care about those things that mother nature may throw at you such as bad weather. I'm more concerned with overly loud and inconsiderate neighbors or people partying until 2 in the morning. I know it's a crap shoot...but say out of 10 camping trips, how many suck because of other people...like 1 in 10 or closer to 10 in 10?   


Also, I know dispersed camping would eliminate much of this concern but that's not really an option for my family situation. I now my girls could probably hack it but we're not quite ready to cross that bridge yet.  


Any feedback is appreciated!",Probability Question For Those That Camp Often,1,False,stoolchamber
camping,Looking to go camping sometime this upcoming summer with some friends in the New Hampshire or Acadia National Park. We are novice campers with little to no experience. Any recommendations on where to go and what gear to get? Thanks!,Camping Summer 2021,1,False,graggyman120
camping,,AMAZON SPECIAL OFFER | On Discount || Limited Time Offer List price: $49.99 Discount Price $29.00 Sterling Silver Pressed Flower Teardrop Earrings,1,False,NabeelHafeez
camping,,Moses Creek Conservation Area | Hiking and Backpacking | Best Trails in Northern Florida,1,False,Seminight7
camping,,black creek near hudson river/port ewen ny,1,False,yellowmoose52
camping,,jack fence in MT,1,False,yellowmoose52
camping,,1 min video recap of my camping trip inside the Grand Canyon!,1,False,brettoc1
camping,,"Wait for it...... Camping solo in Mpumalanga, South Africa",1,False,TheRavin10
camping,,The 10 Best Small Gas Grills for Your Outdoor,1,False,inchut4
camping,,"Bandarban, Bangladesh",1,False,Jisun11
camping,Does anyone have experience with apps like hipcamp on both renting out private land for camping or booking a trip. Any good experiences on this money making idea?,Land &amp; camping,1,False,rodrigk1996
camping,[removed],Must have it or not?,1,False,gedmas22
camping,,Three week road trip from Virginia to Utah with pop up camper and powered paraglider.,1,False,bradlyallen1
camping,,Turkey Run 2020,1,False,WHYNOTHELP2
camping,,Really convenient,1,False,Alvastory
camping,"I see too many waterproof high-quality expensive camp lighters on youtube, are the really makes difference from normal lighter, for example, Bic lighter. What is your opinions.",Best fire starter for camp?,1,False,feanor_13
camping,,What is Data Science?,1,False,nehachauhan5394
camping,,Camping/night out,1,False,Brwino430
camping,"Hey everyone, I am planning a surprise camping trip for my wife and I. I'm thinking Jan/Feb and it's at a campground near Amicalola in Georgia. 

My wife and I both have camping experience, though it's been a few years and we actually haven't been camping together. I suppose I'm really nervous about a couple things. I read that it's bear country in this area. I'm not at all afraid of regular camping creatures, but I've never experienced a bear. 

We also have two German Shepherds that we are bringing as well. Control is not really an issue as they are NEVER off leash. Always less than 6ft away. But for starters I've never camped with a dog before (or two for that matter), and of course throwing an uncontrollable large wild animal into the mix kind of fills me with a (not so) tiny bit of fear.  

I would love to know if this is inadvisable or safe. I'd also be interested in any advice regarding taking dogs camping, as I've said, we've never done that before. 

Are bears hibernating during these months? Should this even be a concern I have? I really don't know.",Bear questions and dog questions,1,False,MyOwnAnonymousUser
camping,,First camping trip though Utah last week,1,False,fifty2factorial
camping,"I’m planning to use some vacation days while the kids are off for Christmas break.  We’ll have 9 days total available for a trip.  I’m seeking ideas for places to camp:

1. 500-600 miles max from Chicago.  
2. Tent camping preferred, although I’ll tow my camper if the destination is cold. Primitive is fine.
3. Warmer weather preferred but not required.
4. A selection of short/moderate hikes (the kids hike but won’t let me enjoy anything over five miles at a time).
5. Not interested in amusement parks/tourist traps/etc.
6. We’ve been to most of the Indiana State parks, so not those.


Thanks in advance Reddit.  What do you suggest??",Winter camping destination suggestions,1,False,FatSlowRunner
camping,,First time camping alone,1,False,JoseTetraneto
camping,,First time camping alone,1,False,JoseTetraneto
camping,,Found a hiking camping trip I did in 2016. First time to hike and camp in the Sierra Nevada Mountain range! I loved this hike but I wore the wrong shoes....,1,False,gdawg1687
camping,,Some pictures of my trip back in November 🧡,2,False,Navisicles
camping,,"Cluj-Napoca , Romania, Beech forest",1,False,DecebalIlies
camping,,Good one 😂,1,False,sixgears
camping,"I am looking to sleep in my trunk during winter and I own a folding 6"" thick memory foam mattress. I am wondering if this will be sufficient as a sleeping pad? The foam is quite dense.","What R Value would a 6"" Memory Foam Mattress Provide?",1,False,EdwardSnorden
camping,How would I do this in a hammock?,Winter camping this weekend,1,False,Akredditman
camping,,Lake District,1,False,Jameswalk180
camping,,"Fascinating camping area with 350 tents in Duzce, Turkey which called ""Simsirlik Kamp Alani""",1,False,bilalpekgoz
camping,,"The best camping area in Yalova,Turkey that called ""Erikli Selalesi Kamp Alanı""",1,False,bilalpekgoz
camping,"Wife and I do a yearly camping road trip in late february/early march for our birthdays. We're considering these national parks, but don't know how open and driveable they are this time of year. We did Yosemite one year and quite enjoyed it despite some trail closures and non ideal weather. We prefer that over huge crowds.  
The weather itself isn't an issue for us (We'll camp in snowy sites). The problem would be road conditions.  
Do you guys know how bad the roads get in either of these parks in early march?","Anybody been to Pinnacles, Sequoia, or Kings Canyon NPs in early march?",1,False,xelaseyer
camping,,BLM outside of Canyonlands NP Utah oct 2020,1,False,killaru21
camping,"I have a 2018 Jeep Wrangler jk 4 door and I’m looking to do some serious camping with it. I was looking into the roof top tents. Has anyone here used them and if so did you like it? Pros and cons..? 

Thanks",Rooftop tent camping with Jeep!,1,False,jolcech06
camping,,Time spent in north Idaho,1,False,voltron1022
camping,What are y’all’s must have accessories that you would recommend for a guy just now getting into the rooftop tent world? What are your favorite accessories or gear that you own that you would recommend?,Accessories,1,False,CEMP1997
camping,,Road trip stop in Saudi,1,False,hash0t0
camping,,"A little late but happy thanksgiving from Moab, Utah.",1,False,Natty_Dread_Lite
camping,Since COVID. I’ve had no outlet and have seen wild camping as something very interesting. I’ve done all the studying I can for it but are there any tips that you guys suggest for when I go out?,Wild Camping,1,False,greatnessv
camping,,Boat launch and campsites at Park Lake,1,False,LadFromTheWoods
camping,,Camping in Oregon!,1,False,GullibleDragonfruit7
camping,,https://onlyfans.com/u94303298,1,False,Sexkitten9911
camping,,"Hiked last summer to Aspen flats cabin, Chugach Forest Alaska.",1,False,No-Bark1
camping,,Every fall I spend a week at this spot in Maine. No cell service and usually never see anyone else expect fisherman during the day. Best week of the year.,1,False,tauclair1989
camping,,Rate my set up,1,False,josh3574
camping,,New forest,1,False,Jameswalk180
camping,"So I will be taking a adventure down to the local Microcenter and setting up camp for up to 3 full days. I plan using a Sub Zero tent + Sleeping Bag along with a Pop up Cot. I also recently picked up the Jackery SolarSaga60 and the Explorer 240 seen here (testing with Solar, Car and Outlet performance) [https://youtu.be/b4QNv3G6VsY](https://youtu.be/b4QNv3G6VsY) 

I will be bringing my Laptop, Phone and few changes of clothes. What else am I missing? Anyone with the Jackery setup? Worth getting the Explorer 1000 and the 2 100w Panels? Evenings will be low 20's but clear hopefully. I did this earlier this month for the AMD 6800 GPU and was there for 18 hours, I have that video on my channel too, but shows sleeping outside with the Cot, which was really cold with 10mph winds + sub 30 degrees. A tent should help this time. 

Would like to bring a heated blanket, but I think it will exceed the Explorer 240","Going to ""Urban"" camp for new graphics card in a few days for 3+ Days - Power Questions",1,False,bitsbetrippin
camping,"Does anyone have any recommendations for good camping spots in Louisiana or Mississippi? 

I would be leaving from the New Orleans area.",Site Recommendations in Louisiana and Mississippi?,1,False,bsimpsonphoto
camping,[removed],"LeBron James Agrees To Two-Year, $85 Million Extension With Lakers, Setting Him Up To Play With Bronny In 2023",1,False,Wise-Measurement-396
camping,,"For a dad, it doesn’t get any better than this",1,False,weenphisher76
camping,"I’m interested in taking a few days out to camp somewhere in CT. 

I was looking into Kettletown as it’s only about 20 minutes from me. I’ve never camped alone or even in CT but it seems like it would be a great way to decompress for a few days closer to home. 

Looking for suggestions anywhere in the state, preferably with some good day hikes. Thanks!",CT camping suggestions,1,False,dub41380
camping,What is the shortest amount of time you've decided to go out and spend at least one night outside?,Spontaneous camping,1,False,johnnyg08
camping,"Hi everyone.  I am trying to overcome a problem I have when the ice melts in my cooler and I'm left with a mix of ice/water/cans sloshing around in the bottom on multi-day camping trips.   I still have open containers of sandwich meats/cheeses, dips, leftovers, etc., that I need to keep cold and also dry.  I have found that even the heavy duty Ziplock freezer bags have a tendency to leak when they are sloshing around, especially while 4 wheeling.  Has anyone found a particular product that works?  

For example:  [https://ziptop.com/](https://ziptop.com/) , but they aren't big enough--I'm thinking gallon-sized.

Tupperware-style containers are one answer, but they aren't space efficient since you are locked into a square or rectangle shape--flexible bags are the best strategy.

Happy camping!","Watertight, heavy Ziplock-type bags for coolers? #coolerstrategy",1,False,USA591
camping,"I have an eno hammock and would like to have a sort of ""all in one"" set up. Basically something to take the place of a tent, as well as something I can use without trees. 

What I'm looking for is a stand, a bug net and a rain tarp all wrapped in one. I understand there probably isn't any sort of package deal like this, but could anyone recommend me anything? I really like the eno nomad shelter system, but it seems they've discontinued the stand that you're supposed to use with it. Thanks in advance!",Looking for a hammock stand/bug net/rain tarp combo,1,False,Dildo_Gagginss
camping,,My view from my camping trip last weekend. Southwest Idaho,1,False,-BuffaloBill-
camping,,north point 2,1,False,yellowmoose52
camping,,north point,1,False,yellowmoose52
camping,,Good times,1,False,Wazumba92
camping,,Intel Core i9-10900KF Desktop Processor 10 Cores up to 5.3 GHz Unlocked Without Processor Graphics LGA1200 (Intel 400 Series chipset) 125W,1,False,Gangliitis
camping,,Just a quick overnighter with the boys Friday night in Ocotillo.,1,False,voltron_danger
camping,[removed],Survey,1,False,LiL-Swe
camping,,"stoney kill falls, nys",1,False,yellowmoose52
camping,[removed],"Not new to camping, but looking for car camping advice",1,False,mdwsta4
camping,,Say good bye!,1,False,Josh-Birnbaum
camping,,🤩Camping right outside of Malibu a few years back for anniversary and Birthday. So fun☝️,1,False,mikeyjee21
camping,,gotta walk in...alot of beautiful spots in the catskills,1,False,yellowmoose52
camping,"&amp;#x200B;

[Camping trip for Thanksgiving weekend.](https://preview.redd.it/mtto8c9c9t261.jpg?width=3024&amp;format=pjpg&amp;auto=webp&amp;s=552fc7225063aad585df4dcb7c19f7bc646ffbaf)","11/26/20 - Fall Foliage - Possum Kingdom Lake SP, TX",1,False,pedalbyte
camping,,"I found a little lake near Athabasca Crossing, AB",1,False,Okatosh
camping,,Not All Campsites are Equal,1,False,srbesq61
camping,Woke up to this after a Florida rain.  Did itself did incredibly well.,Not all Camp Sites are Created Equal,1,False,srbesq61
camping,,Middle of nowhere NV.,1,False,lotionbelly
camping,"We spent 3 days camping in Big Bend NP, it was an amazing experience. Here are some trip photos. Our site was called K-Bar 1 &amp; 2. 

&amp;#x200B;

https://preview.redd.it/7bpfujwlps261.jpg?width=4096&amp;format=pjpg&amp;auto=webp&amp;s=cc5792a2d5d3190ee69ed4b93502a81fe3c4b2cd

*Processing img vakzrzlhps261...*

&amp;#x200B;

https://preview.redd.it/nl3hetmdps261.jpg?width=4096&amp;format=pjpg&amp;auto=webp&amp;s=8fc2fdcdf934e7cc457c86d909729bf4dc9771f4

https://preview.redd.it/a08f1wmdps261.jpg?width=4096&amp;format=pjpg&amp;auto=webp&amp;s=fb43aa2bf792b7acb08cd877b577a8c105aac364

https://preview.redd.it/vbf31smdps261.jpg?width=4096&amp;format=pjpg&amp;auto=webp&amp;s=e4bdcee4aa23603c591d1e89d29aff7abe1c5f54

https://preview.redd.it/zbhhy0ndps261.jpg?width=4096&amp;format=pjpg&amp;auto=webp&amp;s=1ae6674f73c18280270c7bb3cb22d8bc2a6aabc4

https://preview.redd.it/hi1t7mmdps261.jpg?width=4096&amp;format=pjpg&amp;auto=webp&amp;s=65064cf69486d3fcde01191eda500a1f564a0d64

&amp;#x200B;

https://preview.redd.it/tsm2caunps261.jpg?width=4096&amp;format=pjpg&amp;auto=webp&amp;s=4761368fa1c68082da70bf9096e047a01f98905a",Camped at Big Bend National Park,1,False,Airborne_Avocado
camping,"Do you like the tent? Have you had it in a rainstorm? 

I am looking for an all around tent that I can use throughout the year.",Does anybody have the north face kaiju 6?,1,False,FatStacy
camping,"Hello and thank you for checking this out,

I live in Seattle and plan to start hiking,like alot,and I want/need a(goretex pro?arc'teryx?!!!) jacket that has a slim taprered fit and has that stuff pressed look that I'm only unfortunately able to find in a jacket that's 700+ dollars...what the fuck? Something tells me that mountain snow isn't the only snow these people play in.


That being said,I've looked at mammut,norroma,arc and everything in between and I would like to know what jacket you guys would recommend to fit this description because the internet is HELL BENT on me buying one of these sheeple brands to stand in line at starbucks and tweet about how terrible trump's hair is.


TL/DR:

I want a rain shell that has high denier/stiffness/waterproof to maintain the look and ruggedness that I desire.",please convince me to save my money and not go full sheeple,1,False,Celestrialite
camping,,Hello Dark side!,1,False,AAAtrail
camping,,Everest 3 high passes Trek,1,False,himalayanadv
camping,,Sonoran Desert National Monument,1,False,asparagusmotorboat
camping,,My girls are always on patrol for squirrels.,1,False,chamsferd
camping,,Just a mirror for the sun,1,False,sausagelevicorpus
camping,,"Lost Twins, Big Horn Mountains in Wyoming. Rough hike but the views were just amazing.",1,False,AtomicKamikaze9
camping,,Camping site view,1,False,iq30087
camping,,I know summer break isn't happening for a long time in Canada but my friends and I want to go camping during summer break for the entirety of it and build huts and stuff so does anybody know some good Forest near Armstrong British Columbia that is NOT a campsite we want to know early to be prepared,1,False,MickyTime2009
camping,,"Winter camping at Pickwick Lake, TN",1,False,dankndogs
camping,,Rough,1,False,evanthehitman
camping,,"1st time out with the new rig. Alamo Lake, AZ.",1,False,cixchris
camping,"Plan to do a bunch for ski season. Question is, I bought a very thick fleece blanket to test out as an addtion to my 0deg sleeping bag.  Should I have that as a 1st layer in my bag or outside the bag over the top?","Cold weather car camping, thick fleece blanket inside my 0deg bag or outside?",1,False,RoboDurp
camping,"Hoping to do a road trip around Florida and down to the keys. Any good spots for car camping? Will be traveling solo with my
Dog.",Camping in Florida?,1,False,sheetmaskandpizza
camping,,"Sunset at Mauthe Lake, WI",1,False,YagoTheDirty
camping,,"Campfire after my ride. Some tuneage, weed and coffee.",1,False,LadFromTheWoods
camping,"Hello! Some friends and I are trying to find a private campground that could fit 15-20 of us. We were wanting a more ""party friendly"" site that was okay with music and preferrably far away from others if it was more of a family friendly area where we wouldnt be a nuisance. Any ideas? So far I'm looking at a few potential spots, but thought I'd ask yall.

This was central-central FL area, preferrably something closer to that area, but open to all FL suggestions",Florida campgrounds for partying,1,False,Dirty_Dane
camping,"This is a question and need your input. 

&amp;#x200B;

from your experience backpacking and camping in **Olympic National Park, which trail and campground would you suggest for awesome views? I'm thinking this national park will be surround by huge tree and stream?** 

&amp;#x200B;

I'm okay with this and just would like to hear for awesome spot to backpack and camp, and I never been to Olympic and is May or June would be best time to go there if you don't want to sleep within 20ish degree?","Olympic National Park, awesome spot to backpack and camp?",1,False,thestickle
camping,,"Colorado, Horsetooth Reservoir",1,False,Clairasmud
camping,"Going to a campsite where all fire is banned, no fire pit, gas stoves, etc. 

Im thinking of bring peanut butter, bread, canned tuna, and other non perishable food for the trip. 

I would like to know if you have any suggestions for other food to change it up a bit.",Fire Ban - Food Ideas,1,False,ScienceNerd771
camping,,Going for a swim tomorrow - Majorca,1,False,sausagelevicorpus
camping,,"Quick weekend camp at Coolum Beach, Queensland, Australia.",1,False,tonzilla666
camping,,Went on the mountains alone. Never felt better that this...,1,False,domainforsale12345
camping,,Camping in Mexico. Jalisco Barrancas.,1,False,franc_ar
camping,"Hello All. 

My father just got a new Eskimo Tent 4-5 person for Ice Fishing.

He really wants like a LED/FAN combo that can be hung up in the tent off one of the rods in center I' am guessing? 

I ordered this off Amazon 

https://www.amazon.com/dp/B08698PRY6/ref=cm_sw_r_cp_apa_fabc_l6PXFbYP9RQGR?_encoding=UTF8&amp;psc=1

and that was pretty good... but it does not give off enough light. 

Not interested in LED strips etc.

looking for something simple that is kind of all in one and rechargeable?

How else is everyone lighting up their tents? 

I been researching amazon, forums, fb groups for a solution and not really finding anything, which I find hard to believe that there is not something out there?

anyone got any recommendations?

thanks in advance!",LED/FAN combo recommendations?,1,False,AmbaTilly
camping,,Super psyched on my sick new camping table.,1,False,drsloth1138
camping,,"Another great weekend trip with my two Brothers. Not been able to go because of this damn covid, so sharing memories will have to do! (Eskdalemuir, Scotland)",1,False,WorldOfKipper
camping,"New camper here, I also have a hard time adjusting to cold weather. I come from the desert so temperatures in the 100s don’t bother me, I just kind of ignore it. But I can’t do that with the cold. Do you guys have some tips for dealing with the cold when camping?",How do you guys deal with the cold?,1,False,DancingStar007
camping,,"An amazing place in Ecuador, trekking to El Altar and Laguna Amarilla",1,False,edfuer14
camping,,"Help, i don't have the instructive",1,False,MKFMecha
camping,"Does anyone have any experience with the pop-up tents?  And can recommend a solid and affordable brand for a 1-3x a year camper getting back into the swing of things.  

Any cons or reasons to not consider the pop-up tents?

Thank you!",Recommendations for a Pop-Up Tent (4-6 person)?,1,False,wolf_bobs
camping,,Park Lake Lanark Ontario,1,False,LadFromTheWoods
camping,,Me.,1,False,LadFromTheWoods
camping,,Thanksgiving in the woods was a success!,1,False,IlleaglSmile
camping,,Camping at Sedona under Starry Night!,1,False,Upper_Departure_1198
camping,,Camping at Sedona Under Starry Night and bone shattering cold!,1,False,Upper_Departure_1198
camping,,"West Point, Georgia",1,False,NoDogFilth
camping,,Went camping in Zion and Arches in Utah,1,False,sethxcreations
camping,,Glamping: Everything you need to know.,1,False,l877re
camping,"How many overlanders and off-roaders are in this sub?

If you have never taken your rig out on the trails check out these reasons I recommend you take up the hobby.

# Getting Away

The number one reason I hit the trails and go outdoors for a weekend is to get away from the stress of everyday life. I live in a city and being in the city everyday is constantly triggering signals in my brain. Even something as simple as navigating the city in my car takes a lot of mental effort and can be mentally exhausting. Looking out for cars, looking out for pedestrians, dealing with traffic can take a toll on your mind.

For me trips to the outdoors hit a reset button in my brain and allow me to focus better when I get back to my daily life.

# Spending Time with Friends and Family

Trips on the trail, camping with good friends and family are some of the best memories you can make. There is nothing that creates a sense of community more than being at camp with people you care about. At camp you are all responsible for upkeeping camp and taking care of each other. You work together to set up your communal space, build a fire, and cook food together, and you bond building camp as a group.

# Challenging Yourself

Whether you overland or rock crawl there are elements to both that require you to challenge yourself. To challenge yourself on a difficult trail is to push yourself and your vehicle to the limit. To travel far off into the remote wilderness on rugged roads requires you to go out of your comfort zone.

The experiences I have had overlanding have been some of the best experiences I have ever had, and I have gained a better understanding of myself and the world through them. Therefore, I keep finding myself wandering back to the wilderness for another adventure.

For more on the topic, [check out my article.](https://pioneeroverland.com/blogs/overlanding/why-you-should-overland)",Why you should Overland,1,False,PioneerOverland
camping,"You guys seem like you'd have a good answer for this - I'd like to take weekend ""camping"" (but I do have a Coleman stove!) trips and sleep in my jeep...which doesn't have heat. How cold could I, as a fit 30s male, stand before freezing to death and whatnot?","Question: How cold could it be for me to sleep in my car, without a heater, for a night or two....",1,False,Zenmaster090
camping,"&amp;#x200B;

[OMAN - Sugar Dune](https://preview.redd.it/mmuqdfd7tk261.jpg?width=1600&amp;format=pjpg&amp;auto=webp&amp;s=b9f978823477c17280118471c3d67d6d6a4908b2)

[Oman - Wadi](https://preview.redd.it/wy79b802tk261.jpg?width=1600&amp;format=pjpg&amp;auto=webp&amp;s=1ca534de19e442ec9b643e79bb87b9a69266b809)

[Dubai - Police](https://preview.redd.it/54tm2lvysk261.jpg?width=1600&amp;format=pjpg&amp;auto=webp&amp;s=8c63d96668dbc35ccb1e3892e5978ee27d2d8785)

[Nepal - 8000 Mountains](https://preview.redd.it/6f4s6lgvsk261.jpg?width=1600&amp;format=pjpg&amp;auto=webp&amp;s=ace61a0740478a5a3b34f5b50d1be1e470a55c61)

[Neuseeland - 4 Day Hike ](https://preview.redd.it/7i99s21qsk261.jpg?width=5472&amp;format=pjpg&amp;auto=webp&amp;s=cc0f7a796dc2db6fe78626a8c945bb175f172a11)

[Neuseeland - Milford Sound in the Background](https://preview.redd.it/ygqoxnulsk261.jpg?width=1600&amp;format=pjpg&amp;auto=webp&amp;s=5db990af7a2d873c14f4cf1d52ad3baa7fffcc5e)","Travel Two Yeahrs by Tent / Oman, Nepal, NZ, Dubai, ......",1,False,WenigDabei_DE
camping,,Winter camping by a lake on Western Sichuan Plateau to View the King of Sichuan Mountains,1,False,SunnyCamp
camping,,"A good project, with a clear road map with experienced and successful team. This is a very good project and its team is working very hard on this project so that this project is going to give us a very good profit..#Cezo.io #cryptocurrency #blockchain #decentralization #bounty #Airdrop",1,False,ms1192660
camping,"Two weekends ago, I went camping by Siding lake in western Sichuan Province, southwest China. Located on Western Sichuan Plateau, the lake is a perfect place for visitors to view Mount Gongga, the highest mountain in Sichuan province. Locals usually call the mountain ""The King of Sichuan Mountains"".

[Siding Lake and Mount Gongga](https://preview.redd.it/13l0s0m7gj261.png?width=2006&amp;format=png&amp;auto=webp&amp;s=8e7b0925735e92e6bb64d1acba08169d1e1209de)

[Mount Gongga](https://preview.redd.it/mm3am0m7gj261.png?width=2004&amp;format=png&amp;auto=webp&amp;s=232257be6e1e03047e5df55cd763de7dafbe664e)

[When night falls](https://preview.redd.it/k1isy1m7gj261.png?width=1074&amp;format=png&amp;auto=webp&amp;s=08cf6b9fd63c68cf63ab54e19e6087e4cbd633d8)

https://preview.redd.it/mo8ai0m7gj261.png?width=2002&amp;format=png&amp;auto=webp&amp;s=cdda7804396833d5ee53a8cd22b4b7f27fd60958

Though it was freezingly cold, this camping trip has become one of my best memories in 2020. There I saw snow mountains, an iced lake, a starry sky, and the Milky Way. All the beautiful sceneries granted by nature in winter were unfolded before my eyes in those two days.  

I feel so lucky to be there. Absolutely an unforgettable experience for me.",Winter camping by lake on Western Sichuan Plateau 2020,1,False,SunnyCamp
camping,,L,1,False,Natural_Lynx2224
camping,,When u have to reload,1,False,Big_cock_420
camping,"I have been living vicariously through the various camping pictures posted on this subgroup, hoping to one day post pictures of my own trips... 
But then it downed on me; how safe is camping really? 
I am not worried about bugs or wildlife... But should you be concerned with being attacked, mugged, or possibly worst... in the middle of the night? 
Is packing a gun a wise precaution? Are there any park security typically watching over campers?
Any advice, safety tips, and/or recommendations would be greatly appreciated!",How safe is camping?,1,False,abasourdix
camping,,"Outback camping, Litchfield national park Australia ( photo credit: my girlfriend, she insists)",1,False,Francishus
camping,,We home built a camper trailer that houses a family of 5. Great for weekend escapes.,1,False,DreamingFive
camping,,New Super Pacific X1 wedge camper out on the maiden voyage,1,False,mynameis__jonas
camping,,True Canoe: my new camping youtube channel,1,False,Suspicious_Profile48
camping,,Dinner prep'd and then under way.,1,False,DarkStarThinAir
camping,I'm planning a cross country trip in the Spring and am just looking for cool spots to camp throughout the US. I don't mind having to do a short hike to get there but not planning on trekking far into the backcountry. Thanks in advance for any suggestions,Looking for cool camping spots in the US,1,False,nosnhoj14
camping,,Joshua Tree Night Timelapse,1,False,vechever
camping,,Joshua Tree Timelapse,1,False,vechever
camping,,Woke up to this (Michigan),1,False,75North_
camping,,Can someone reccomend a good 1 or 2 man tent that I can buy for less than £100 to take with me camping in Switzerland?,1,False,ChuckBass11
camping,,It's so soothing to watch a 🔥,1,False,Juggernautt888
camping,"Hello,
I’m looking for some advice from other solo travelers/solo women travelers to increase my safety while road tripping, hiking, and camping alone in the US!

I’ve been on road trips &amp; camping before, but I’ve always been with another person (with the exception of one solo, single night backpacking trip). I generally do most of the planning, packing, &amp; work, so I feel confident in my ability to handle a solo trip aside from fear for my safety. I’m already swapping out my tent to sleep in my car so that I can lock the doors at night, but I’m looking for additional tips and anecdotes. 

Thanks in advance!",Advice for mid twenties smallish woman road tripping/camping solo,1,False,wannabetravelSLP
camping,,Campfires in winter are the double edged sward-like heart of a getaway.,1,False,Oldmate81
camping,Does anyone have any experience rooftop tent camping in Georgia? Any sites or locations you recommend? Planning a trip soon.,GA Trip,1,False,RebelBarber
camping,"Hi all! I appreciate the help on this, I’m not sure where to start. I want to build a “camping kit” for my mother for Christmas. She just bought a camper that has a kitchen, tiny living area, bedroom, and more. She is new to camping, so I am thinking of some fun ideas to include in this kit. What would be some good things that you all use or find useful? Thank you in advance!",Christmas gifts for my mother and her new camper?,1,False,amklep
camping,,"Camping on Espraiado Canyon, Santa Catarina, Brazil",1,False,gregol_
camping,"I had one for years and it was fantastic...no pump to lose or break, just unroll and flip a switch and replace the batteries every now and then.  Now every one I can find with a built-in pump is AC powered only....

Any idea of brands to check out?

Queen size ideally - will be mostly for car camping with my wife in our 4 person tent.

Thanks!",Suggestions for camping air mattress with a battery-powered built-in pump?,1,False,sirclesam
camping,I want to go camping for a week but I have no one to take care of my cats. Anyone have any experience camping with cats?,Anyone have experience camping with cats?,1,False,SnoozeWalrus3221
camping,"Anyone here found a solution to a portable projector screen in the 40-50 in range?

Im not so much looking for a diy cloth but instead one with a collapsible stand and all. For some reason im having a hard time finding one online",Small projector screen for backpacking,1,False,Sarru-kin
camping,,"Sunset over Lake Hartwell, South Carolina.",1,False,nebula420916
camping,,dirt bike camping near Squamish BC. mamquam fsr. also swipe for dog pic,1,False,jtanton05
camping,"I have to be honest, I've done a lot of camping but never solo.  Recently decided I'd like to do a cold weather solo camp out. As the date gets closer I realizing that I may be a little creeped out by it. Specifically, when it comes time to hit the sack.  Any tips or tricks?   I'm a little ashamed to admit this is a thing with me but apparently it is.  It certainly won't stop me but I half realize it's probably something you get used to over time.

Question #2:  The site i'm going to is about 1/3 into a 12 mile trail.  The trail runs into a small open field surrounded by trees and that is the campsite.  I expect no one there in winter but I'm thinking I'd feel a little more secure off trail in the woods in higher ground surrounded by trees etc.  Anything wrong with my thinking?","A little creeped out about camping solo. Also, opinion needed about camp site.",1,False,ocean432
camping,,Turn Text into Human Sounding Voiceovers (One time payment with 53% off),1,False,Gangliitis
camping,Does anybody have a budget 4 person tent? I am looking for something that will hold my gear and keep us dry in case of bad weather.,Budget 4 man tent?,1,False,FatStacy
camping,,"Camping in Hope, Alaska a few summers ago.",1,False,No-Bark1
camping,,I love winter camping I just wish it wasn't so cold!,1,False,outofipswich
camping,,"Some of the most memorable trips are when the weather’s pish! (Eskdalemuir, Scotland)",1,False,WorldOfKipper
camping,,Our beautiful spot on the Georgia Traverse trail this weekend! Not pictured is our roof top tent set up.,1,False,Tiemeupdaddy11
camping,,Thanksgiving camping part 2 with inside pictures.,1,False,hester0520
camping,,"Thanksgiving camping, Bass Lake, CA",1,False,Thaflash_la
camping,,Fire or gas camping stove?,1,False,MHodson_83
camping,,Testing the MSR in the cold (-4°C),1,False,Cryptotainer
camping,"Hi all, my husband and I have always used the REI half dome when backpacking with just the / of us and our pup which we’ve always loved but alas it’s time to upgrade to something a little bigger to accommodate our small family. Does anyone have a recommendation for a relatively lightweight backpacking tent similar in style to the half dome but big enough to accommodate 2 adults and 2 young kids (both under the age of 4). Half dome 4 seemed liked the best option but unfortunately it’s sold out. Ideally we’d like to keep our budget under $300. Thanks in advance!",Best backpacking tent for small family,1,False,Shoemacl
camping,,Finding and drinking from a natural spring in Algonquin Park. Ontario Canada. This spring dates back to the 1800s when there use to be a logging village in this area.,1,False,Jasonatcamp
camping,,"Spring Gap Recreation Area - Oldtown, MD",1,False,guitargirl478
camping,,Where in the mid south can I find an authorized camp ground that I can sign in to but will still be isolated and wooded???,1,False,sushidog2008
camping,,A little organization,1,False,murr2247
camping,,More summer.,1,False,tender_f1sh_st1ck
camping,,Thanksgiving camping in Utah,1,False,serminole
camping,"I'm 17 and wanting to go on a camping trip in the smokies with some of my friends, I have camped without my parents before alone but it was in camping sites in my area, are there any good camping sites such as national forests in the smokies?",17 camping in the smokies,1,False,Phil_Ross420
camping,,"Tarp City. Most unique set up I have had to date, spent all day setting it up and it kept us dry through the crazy storms.",1,False,seventh_flowkage
camping,,"Monahans Sandhills, TX",1,False,ladytri277
camping,"I got a cookware set a few months back (called odoland) , tried it out with a gas stove and there were no problems. I tried today twice with fire and something weird happened. There was some sort of condensation on the outside as i used it , and some sort of protective layer just burnt away. Is this normal ,or shud i be worried drinking boiled water from it. It was fairly cheap and i guess made in china. What pots (hanging too) do ye recommend?",Noob question for a beginner,1,False,Nextpage101arigh
camping,,Solace in the solitude.,1,False,the_hondu
camping,,Thxgvg Getaway,1,False,Janeycecee
camping,,"This was always one of my favourite pieces of equipment, my Optimus 8R stove. After not being used for about 15 years or more it fired up perfectly. I’m sure there’s better options now but if you ever come across one for cheap don’t be afraid to pick it up.",1,False,ErmahgerdYuzername
camping,,Tested this vintage hot tent wood stove with built in oven today! Thing is freakin sweet!,1,False,AdventuresWSpackmann
camping,,Saw,1,False,Necminut
camping,,From my first solo trip pt2. Here are some night time pictures of my tent: Stormbreak 2,1,False,Ireallylovewatches
camping,,Thanksgiving camping!,1,False,hester0520
camping,,"My preferred way to camp. I'm too lazy and impatient to pack a wet tent in the morning when I want to go exploring. This is my 2 in 1 heater alarm, she has one mode... Bork, usually in the middle of the night.",1,False,RopeTop
camping,,Social distanced Thanksgiving by doing some trout fishing on the Blue River,1,False,cookie2574
camping,,New fav camping spot. This missile silo in Kansas!,1,False,WeekendCamping
camping,,Reminiscing summer camp beneath Ben Lomond can’t wait for freedom,1,False,salsa_23
camping,Hey friends need some advice. Looking for a tent for 6 people at least that can do good in the cold( not snowing). In America been looking at academy tents just don’t know if those tents are to cheep. Any advice will be nice. Will be using a new heater to help heat up the tent.,New to tenting,1,False,tmlara
camping,,"We setup camp in Tamsoult, Toubkal National Park, Morocco at 2250 m altitude",1,False,Mrleconstateur
camping,"Could you please check out my YouTube channel. I’m trying really hard, I make videos on fishing, hunting and anything outdoors. Please check it and subscribe. The channel name is Steven Stacy outdoors",Steven Stacy outdoors,1,False,stevenstacyoutdoors
camping,,Tent vs tarp camping. What do you prefer?,1,False,MHodson_83
camping,"What is the best low price headlamp, I live in Brazil, so consider that the solar is about six times our money, I want something that can be used in cave exploring, and if it has a not built in battery, so I can walk with spares",Affordable headlamp,1,False,King_of_Mauritania
camping,"Anybody have a good system for loading and unloading firewood?  Looking for some sort of cart with collapsible wheels that will make things quick and easy.  I love big campfires!

  
Thanks.",Hauling firewood?,1,False,markr4840
camping,,"Caught the sunrise from my sleeping bag this morning, while camping in Scotland",1,False,Ki1664
camping,,Subscribe to the channel giveaway at a hundred Subs fortnite account,1,False,Strict-Design2238
camping,,"transalpina, romania",1,False,type2IEC
camping,,Chilhowee Mountains,1,False,mr_capp74
camping,,A one night Winter camping @ -17deg C !,1,False,Marty_Mtl
camping,"This year I’ve began camping and hiking a lot due to the free time. Im really enjoying it, and I’ve solo camped once, but that was in summer, it was a great experience to be honest. 

Now Ive bought the right gear and want to go do another solo camp, problem is that i attempted this a few days ago and i got to the top of a hill at 1pm, and set up camp not long after. I made food etc.. i ended up leaving at 7pm... the night dragged on so long and I was so bored (I’m an 18 year old), don’t get me wrong, I enjoy doing things myself but I wasn’t it feeling it that day. Was it maybe where i camped, or my mood that day? 

For some reason I couldn’t sit in my tent in the dark for hours before going to sleep (albeit I was very toasty), I felt kind of anxious about being myself for so long with almost nothing to do, apart from sitting on my phone. 

Does anyone have any ideas about how you could make winter solo camping more enjoyable, especially for someone just starting out?",Solo winter camping,1,False,Low-Funny7965
camping,,4 Days Living in my Truck with my Doggo,1,False,meastt
camping,https://www.coleman.com/tents/8-person-tents/montana-8-person-tent/COL_2000018292.html,"Coleman customer service is upgrading my faulty 6 person instant tent to this 8 person tent( link in text) , if you've had one how are they in the rain?",1,False,03SEXTERRA
camping,"Hi All, I welcome any advice from people who have done this already.  All my research has me running in circles.

For stoves, I'm fine with a Kin-co, don't need titanium. The problem is the tent:

 * Nylon- It seems like they hold so little heat that the tent is instantly cold unless you feed the stove constantly. Are they as cold as they look, even with a stove?

 * Canvas- (Small 3-4 man bell tent etc)  This looks like it will hold heat a little more, but will I still be wearing my coat and boots in the tent if it's 0F outside?

 * Weekend effort: Can any of the above be setup quickly enough to be reasonable for a Fri-Sun weekend campout?","Any real-life experiences with a winter hot-tent setup? Can't decide between nylon or canvas, or not bothering at all.",1,False,50thUsernameAttempt
camping,"I'd like to get a decent GPS for off trail hiking

Two sales that caught my eye are the instinct for $184 all in or the GPSMAP 66s for $263 all in.

I recently bought and returned the Garmjn Fortrex 601, after realizing it only has 7mb of memory, and is basically a chunky wrist companion to a map. I assume the instinct would be similar for navigational use, but would also be great for everyday use and running.

I'm wondering if the instinct is accurate and sensitive enough to rely on as a gps for off trail hikes, or if the extra $80 is worth it for a handheld, which I assumes is far more sensitive, with downloadable maps. 

Spending $80 less and having something to wear every day doesn't sound so bad, but I'm not sure if it would be adequate as a navigation device

Also, I know the foretrex doesn't send any signals, and cant be tracked, so its popular for military use. I'm in the application process to be a reservist infantry officer, and am wondering if the other two devices can be set to just recieve signals.

I appreciate any input",Garmin Instinct watch vs 66s handheld,1,False,Pristine_Set_9982
camping,,"Up there with one of my favourite trips (tentsmuir forest, Scotland)",1,False,WorldOfKipper
camping,,Happy with the new spot,1,False,Bizabey
camping,"I don't like the traditional 8 inch air mattress. Looking for recommendations.. 

Cot
Sleeping pad
Thick foam
Other options I haven't thought of

Please offer your thoughts and comments.",Truck bed camping,1,False,gamecock29063
camping,,"I was up in the Mountains By myself for a month and build a camp, Fun Times Location 34.137434, -117.154215",1,False,Leather-Fill-571
camping,,Voyagers National Park Camping Adventure,1,False,InevitableEducation
camping,,Testing our new Wawona 6. Camping in Shenandoah next weekend!,1,False,tribalindividual
camping,,I'ma Pitch a Tent Right Here,1,False,Leather-Fill-571
camping,,"My first time camping in the snow this weekend felt magical! [Kinsman Pond, White Mountain National Forest NH, US]",1,False,PhCBD
camping,,"Another camping adventure down with my camping kitty! I cannot wait until we camp outside of Louisiana in the mountains, she loves hiking",1,False,burbanclo
camping,,My view this morning. Things like this really help the peace settle in.,1,False,frickafreshhh
camping,"Here is something that can help the next time you are out and about somewhere and need to tell someone your location.  Maybe you want friends to meet you at a certain spot.  Maybe you need some help.  Maybe you \*really\* need some help and are calling 911.

This post will show you 4 things.

1. A webpage that displays your **coordinates** \*and\* the equally important **accuracy value**.  This webpage has special coding so it works both online and offline.

2. How to make links that will display either a Google map or a USGS topographic map that has a marker at specified coordinates.

3. The reasons why 911 sometimes cannot find people that call with a cell phone.  The best solution is for the caller to provide their coordinates \*and\* the accuracy value.

4. Tips that might help if your cell phone is not displaying accurate coordinates.

&amp;#x200B;

**1.  FindMeSAR**

I developed FindMeSAR ([http://findmesar.com](http://findmesar.com)) as a public service and part of my way to “pay it forward”.  This is a webpage that displays your coordinates in 4 different formats.  Each format has a different colored screen.  The ""Next format"" button will loop through the four different formats.

When you need to share your location:

1. Tap the FindMeSAR icon that you saved on your homescreen or use your browser to open [findmesar.com](https://findmesar.com)

2. If you do not see the **yellow screen** then tap ""Next format"" until you see the yellow screen.

3. Wait a few seconds for the accuracy value to get to 100 feet or less.  In just a few seconds the accuracy will typically get down to about 15 feet.

4. Tap ""Stop"".

5. Either take a screenshot or tap ""Copy to clipboard"".

The **yellow screen** displays your location as **latitude longitude in decimal degrees**.  I recommend using this format whenever you share your location with anyone.  This is also the format used by all **911 call centers**.  And when you share your coordinates, always include the \*accuracy value\*  so the person at the other end has a nice warm feeling that you did not screw up.

Note that the ""Copy to clipboard"" button only works when the accuracy value is 100 feet or less.

FindMeSAR is a **web app** (i.e. web page) and not a native app.  This means you will not find it in any app store.  Just make sure you have location services turned ‘on' and open [findmesar.com](https://findmesar.com) with your browser.  There is an **icon** you can save on your homescreen and a ""Tips"" button with more information.

The first time you open FindMeSAR your phone has to be **online**.  It will then work when your phone is **offline**.  This magic is made possible with special coding techniques (service worker with appCache as a fall back) that save a copy of the code for this webpage on your phone.  So let's say you need help but only have a very weak cell connection.  You can text but your cell connection is too weak to make a voice call.  If you previously opened FindMeSAR when your phone was online, then you can use it offline to get your coordinates and accuracy value so you can include that critical data in your text.

FindMeSAR is open source.  Anyone that can read code can look at the source code via their desktop or laptop browser and confirm there is no evil intent.

&amp;#x200B;

**2.  Map making**

As you substitute different coordinates into either of the following links, do not let any spaces sneak into the link.

The following link will display a **Google map** with a marker at the specified coordinates.

[https://www.google.com/maps/search/?api=1&amp;query=47.252330,-120.585632](https://www.google.com/maps/search/?api=1&amp;query=47.252330,-120.585632)

The following link starts GISsurfer and displays the **USGS topographic map** with a marker at the coordinates specified by the “inline” parameter.  The same coordinates are also used to center the map when it opens.

[https://mappingsupport.com/p2/gissurfer.php?center=47.252330,-120.585632&amp;zoom=14&amp;basemap=](https://mappingsupport.com/p2/gissurfer.php?center=47.252330,-120.585632&amp;zoom=14&amp;basemap=) ESRI\_scanned\_topo\_USA&amp;inline=47.252330,-120.585632

**GISsurfer** is a general purpose web map that I developed as another public service project.  Anyone can use it for any non-commercial purpose.  If you would like to know more about GISsurfer there is a homepage with documentation at [https://gissurfer.com](https://gissurfer.com)

To quickly get up to speed, open the homepage then click the green “Menu” button.  Select “Help” then skip down a bit on the “Help” page and read the “Overview” section.

&amp;#x200B;

**3. Cell phone call to 911**

When you call 911 with your cell phone the wireless carrier handling your 911 call is supposed to produce reasonably accurate coordinates for you and make that data available to the 911 dispatcher.  In 911-speak these are called “phase 2” coordinates.  **For various reasons the “phase 2” coordinates for a cell phone caller are sometimes never produced by the wireless carrier or have terrible accuracy.**  

Are you curious to know why wireless carriers sometimes do not provide 911 dispatchers with good “phase 2” coordinates?  I was too!  So a few years ago I did a deep dive into documents on the FCC website.  Below is a link to a PDF report I produced that will tell you what I learned.  Anyone who reads the report will likely be convinced that it is **critically important** that everyone have an easy way to use their phone in a stressful emergency to display their coordinates (latitude longitude in decimal degrees) \*and\* accuracy value. 

Open PDF report:

[http://findmesar.com/p/pdf/cell\_phone\_coordinates\_and\_911.pdf](http://findmesar.com/p/pdf/cell_phone_coordinates_and_911.pdf)

&amp;#x200B;

**4. Tips if you are having trouble getting accurate coordinates**

There are settings on your phone that can prevent your phone from displaying accurate coordinates.  If you phone is not displaying coordinates with an accuracy value of 30 feet or less, then these tips might help you change your settings to fix the problem.  Since this post is already long enough and most people will not need this information, I put these tips into the following PDF file.

Open PDF tips:

[http://findmesar.com/p/pdf/cell\_phone\_coordinates\_tips.pdf](http://findmesar.com/p/pdf/cell_phone_coordinates_tips.pdf)",Web page displays your coordinates and accuracy value. Works online/offline.,1,False,Jelfff
camping,,Just a wee local camp in the woods - Loch Lomond Scotland,1,False,AndrewABarber
camping,"The summer is great, but insects, tics, heat, crowds, ect... just sort of detract from my overall enjoyment of camping in the summer.   


But you have the forest to yourself in the winter - and you get the joy of buying all the cold weather gear and learning how to use it properly. There's so much to learn - and something to be said once you really start to figure out how to be comfortable. You can also store meat indefinitely and there's a quietness to the forest that is unparalleled.  


If you live anywhere that gets chilly in winter, I strongly urge you to try out winter camping. IMHO, it is a much more enjoyable and rewarding experience. Just watch some youtube videos on it first. No reason to not be prepared going in.  


If you have any questions, feel free to pm me, too. Got a lot of tips I can share :)","As a Michigander, I am so excited for winter camping!",1,False,joebrown75
camping,,"Myall Lakes, NSW. Australia",1,False,bottle-neck
camping,Any tips or any checklists of stuff well need is welcomed please !!,Going camping in Melbourne on great ocean road for the first time (properly!) in Jan... any advice welcome please !!,1,False,T-rex-x
camping,,Lower Mustang Motorbike Tour,1,False,himalayanadv
camping,,"Cumberland Island, Georgia",1,False,No-Commercial7095
camping,[removed],Multi Trip Insurance,1,False,NHFahim
camping,"I’m doing my first solo camping trip with my dog. We’re going for two nights in December and I anticipate that the weather at night should get to 30s or 20s. 

I have a two person 3 season tent, a r2 sleeping pad, and a sleeping bag rated for 32 F. I plan on bringing 5 extra blankets and layering with long Johns, fleece, hat, and other cold gear. I also bought my dog booties and a jacket in case it snows (most likely not). 

I’m pretty new to camping and was wondering if this would be adequate to stay warm. I’ve only camped in the summer so far. Unfortunately there is a fire ban (even gas stoves) so I’ll be completely reliant on my clothing and blankets. 

Do you have any recommendations on staying warm? Should I invest in a warmer sleeping bag or a higher rated sleeping pad? Any other advice for a beginner camper would be appreciated!",First Solo Camp? Cold Weather,1,False,ScienceNerd771
camping,"I know this is only remotely related to camping but these are tough times and maybe you’re bored and kinda burned out after marathoning suprhero movies etc.  

These girls go on several camping trips and the show focuses heavily on specific camping gear that they use to camp in the winter time in japan near Mount Fuji.  

i’ve been really stressed but the oace and soothing atmosphere of this show is cathartic.  

you can watch the 1st episode free on youtube the link is below.  

its japanese audio with english subtitles.  

if you enjoy episode 1 and want more you can do a free 10 day trial with Crunchyroll and watch all 12 episodes free.  

https://youtu.be/s8vwDxMIlss","[Anime] Times are frustrating and scary lately. If you’re looking for a relaxing, family friendly Camping based tv show, the Japanese anime ‘Yuru Camp’ may be worth a look. 4 Japanese girls go on camping trips for their school club.",1,False,Grogu4Ever
camping,,Tiny island calls for tiny tent!,1,False,AetherGopher
camping,,Tiny island calls for a tiny tent!,1,False,AetherGopher
camping,Is may and June very buggy? I know July is mosquito hell. I am trying to plan a trip with friends. I am afraid they will never want to go camping again if i bring them to bug hell.,Uintas Utah,1,False,RuneChicken45
camping,,Camping and hiking in Mount Suswa on a budget,1,False,Ninaform
camping,Has anyone ever been to Alabama hills California? If so I’m considering going dispersed camping there. What is it like? Can you be far away from others? Is it a good place to go?,Alabama Hills California,1,False,Plazma_07
camping,"Looking for a light tent between $100-$200.

So far I have found these:

[https://www.pariaoutdoorproducts.com/products/backpacking-tent-bryce](https://www.pariaoutdoorproducts.com/products/backpacking-tent-bryce): I can get it for $118 with a special discount 

[https://us.alpkit.com/products/soloist?storeRedirect=US](https://us.alpkit.com/products/soloist?storeRedirect=US): $161

&amp;#x200B;

This is the style of tent I would like. Any pointers for either of these tents? Any other tent suggestions? 

&amp;#x200B;

Thanks!",Help me choose a budget 1 person tent!,1,False,Fields18
camping,,"Thanksgiving camping trip to DeSoto Falls, GA",1,False,DWestfall5
camping,Hey everyone! I’m looking to plan a trip in March to the great smoky mountain national park. I was curious is anyone had recommendations on which loop is better for front country camping. I have a dog that’ll be going with and I know only certain trails are dog friendly. So I didn’t know if certain loops would be better for me? Thanks for any advice!,Recommendation for great smoky mountain park,1,False,APG540
camping,,Dometic PLB40,1,False,mindfield27
camping,,The Best Freestanding Awning For Camping!?,1,False,4_Wheels_On_The_Road
camping,,"Set-up / tear-down of Finnmark lavvu (6-8 person) with a 16’ awning, last night and this morning",1,False,YoueyyV
camping,,Start Making Money With Click Wealth System,1,False,Gangliitis
camping,,1st Time camping and forever hooked! Texas Hill Country.,1,False,speightsr
camping,,Banana plants and Turrialba Volcano - Costa Rica (4K time-lapse),1,False,Gencenomad
camping,,Black Friday: Free Olight 150 lumens rechargeable mini flashlight,1,False,dickcurls
camping,,husband got it for me!,1,False,JamesHFluharty
camping,I'm looking at getting a 12v electric fridge/freezer to take away on weekends. I'm worried that being turned on and off a lot (like when moving from power source to power source) will degrade it. Is this the case?,Does turning a camping fridge on and off a lot damage it?,1,False,decidedlyDesolate
camping,,I would like to know what are people's must-have items/gear/food when going out on an adventure?,1,False,StartoftheJourney
camping,,"Sweden, Skåne",1,False,Lard111
camping,,Hobbes Calvin And Hobbes Mashup Snoopy,1,False,Groundbreaking-Lie48
camping,,What type of things do you like to cook?,1,False,MHodson_83
camping,,Living the country life in Alabama,1,False,traveling_traveler15
camping,"I'm new to Texas and am currently searching for a place to do primitive camping in the San Marcos/New Braunfels area, any suggestions would be awesome!",Looking for camp sites...,1,False,Mightymouse1111
camping,"I've been interested in trying out some different gear, but can't afford to buy it just to try it. I'd like to hear any good or bad experiences you've had with online rentals. It seems to be a good option but I don't hear folks talk about it much. As of right now I'm interested in trying out some hammocks. Thanks!",Curious about online gear rentals,1,False,NumerousGarbage9032
camping,,As you may have already guessed fall and winter are my favourite season to camp. What’s your preference?,1,False,AttitudeCool
camping,"Why are these even a thing. They seem like the new fad. Easily the most expensive way to tent camp I've seen. What are the benefits of these vs the 800 plus dollar cost? Seems like you could get much more practical setups for far far less. Not trying to stir the nest just trying to understand why not a used trailer, hot tent, actual truck top camper, or regular old ground tents.",What's the deal with truck/car top tents.,1,False,DudlyDjarbum
camping,[removed],"Teds Woodworking Plans - 16,000 Wood Plans",1,False,AbderrahimNait
camping,,Joshua Tree NP,1,False,cross_minds
camping,[deleted],"Beaverhead County, MT",1,False,[deleted]
camping,,Some pics from our camping trip in Zion! (it was very cold 😬),1,False,dawind24
camping,,A great friend and I reading about Lake Superior shipwrecks camping in the Chequamegon.,1,False,phantomagna
camping,,We had to get back to camp one way or another,1,False,drunkbackpacker
camping,,This is accurate,1,False,drunkbackpacker
camping,,CURRENT2,1,False,OverInternal1169
camping,,Free Black Friday Special! Waterproof Lighter + Hybeam Flashlight,1,False,Accomplished-Ad8137
camping,,Nothing Better Than Fire on the Sky Sunsets in the Desert,1,False,trailtopeak
camping,,"For Sale - Boston, MA - Used Roam Adventure RTT w/Annex - $1500 obo - Pick up Only",1,False,NolanDick
camping,,I am literally the highest person in NC right now (In altitude! 😂). Clingman’s Dome in the Great Smokey Mountains.,1,False,frickafreshhh
camping,,"Camping on a ridge in the Lofoten Islands, Norway. The midnight sun of summer makes for great long days of hiking and stunning views all night.",1,False,4DCourgette
camping,,Caprock Canyons State Park,1,False,redditex2
camping,"Basically just curious - how often do you go camping? 

And do you have a favourite season to camp in/do you only camp during particular seasons?

(Eg. My family when I was 7-9 used to only go camping in the Summer, and we’d go like every second weekend minimum all summer).",How often do you go camping?,1,False,cursed-ears
camping,"&amp;#x200B;

https://preview.redd.it/v8opjxzjpx161.jpg?width=1000&amp;format=pjpg&amp;auto=webp&amp;s=21ff0233a098803f38782698afdac0837bcebfe9",how is this camping hammock?,1,False,Merrypackets
camping,,"Teslin Lake shore. Yukon territory, Canada",1,False,kummelo
camping,,Discovered Palo Duro Canyon State Park in Texas this week! WOW can’t wait to go back! Best camp spot yet!,1,False,WeekendCamping
camping,,Good mornings.,1,False,tender_f1sh_st1ck
camping,,We found this spot in the dark. Max the doggo is looking at the lake we didn’t even know was there when we found this spot 😍😍,1,False,waywardlifesailing
camping,,"Camping in northern Vancouver Island wilderness- crazy trees, amazing but cold beaches and hidden lakes ❤️",1,False,waywardlifesailing
camping,,Flashback Friday to backpacking in Northern NM,1,False,YaBoiSVT
camping,,"Our campsite above the Green River near Moab, Utah",1,False,mitchtobin
camping,,Happiest at camp...reminiscing our Georgian bay trip.,1,False,Thefoodiem
camping,[removed],"Teds Woodworking Plans - 16,000 Wood Plans",1,False,AbderrahimNait
camping,,"Missing summer, and this great spot in Virginia.",1,False,tender_f1sh_st1ck
camping,,Missing summer!,1,False,tender_f1sh_st1ck
camping,"Hello everyone, this happened two years ago at the end of august. Me and my GF were going on our very first camping trip and we were fully prepared, it was a weekend trip and I'd say we were pretty much prepared for few more days worth of stay (beginner mistake, took too much food). 

It was around 1pm when we got at the campsite, it was beautiful, we camped in a national park, set our tent and got ready to hike a small trail to a small waterfall, it shouls have been 3 hour kile to the waterfall so we'd be back by 7, get dinner and chill in the tent. 

We started to hike and long story short, it took us 4 hours to get to the waterfall. It was peaceful but the fact that it took us that long felt uncomfortable, like i felt something was going to happen. We rested and started going back. After two and a half hours we realized that the sun was starting to set and we had very little safe day time left(middle of the woods, ranger warned us about jackals, wolves and even a possibility of a bear encounter), i felt somewhat at ease because we both had our flashlights and phones and i had a hunting knife with me( wasn't much but at least made me feel safer). 

Eventually after half an hour it was completely dark and we took our flashlights, you all might know that feeling, when you feel a presence around you though you can't see it, we both felt something was around us and stalking us, we were going as fast as we could and were being loud to scare whatever it was. I can't explain the feeling but it felt as if we were surrounded and i could clearly hear leaves move from both sides of the trail. This went on for an hour, my flashlight has a distance mode so you can focus the light on a distance and when i was scouting and searching for our campsite at the end of the trail imagine my horror when i saw two glowimg eyes looking back at me, i felt freeze go down my spine, luckily my gf hadn't seen it so i didnt say anything not to scare her even more. As we were following the trail i saw the owner of those eyes, it was a damn dog. The national park was located at the end of a small town so there were a lof of strays at the ranger's office and me and my gf being animal lovers, we fed the dog and he followed us to some extent on the hike, it was that dog. 

I felt relieved he was waiting for us, as we got closer to him he started wiggling his tail and accompany us to the camp. we finally got to the camp, got in the tent and just went to sleep exhausted. It was 9pm when we got to the camp and passed out shortly after, the dog was chilling near the tent and eventually slept at the tent door to protecc. In the middle of the night a noise woke me up, it was the sound of jackals not far from where we were camping, I'd say 2kilometers max and they were many, i could barely sleep after that but passed out without realising. When i woke up the dog was still guarding the entrance, my gf was making coffee and we finally talked about last night, she told me she heard the jackals too but she was so scared she just didn't move and went back to sleep. We did not hike that day and as soon as the weekend was over we got back home and still remember that and what we felt. Lesson from my experience ? Don't hike at night. Just don't. And get to the camp before dark. 
Enjoy your experience to the fullest and stay safe folks

P.S for anyone who was wondering, yes, the dogo got his deserved snack and treats",My first camping trip and why i will never forget it,1,False,slimlecter
camping,,Our spot in Angeles national forest,1,False,frank_malachi
camping,,Our spot in Angeles national forest,1,False,frank_malachi
camping,,Our spot Wednesday night in Angeles national forest,1,False,frank_malachi
camping,,Our Thanksgiving weekend so far along the North Shore(MN).,1,False,gofarther0787
camping,,"Not my favorite spot, but it’s a nice getaway. 😄",1,False,sushidog2008
camping,,A few more of the campsite. Paola KS,1,False,Major_hull_Damage
camping,"Looking at dinner options for our next trip camping.

Wondering if I can put a full unopened can of beans in a pot of boiling water to heat them through.

Is the water still drinkable afterwards? 
Do I need to poke holes in the top?
How long would it take to heat through?",Cooking with cans,1,False,hotterotterspotter
camping,,Start Making Money With Click Wealth System,1,False,Gangliitis
camping,,Sunrise over camp with the girls. Paola KS,1,False,Major_hull_Damage
camping,,"Road-kill Muntjac Deer - Skin, Butcher, Cook! Ft. My dog!",1,False,Kerr-rawden
camping,"Most of the reviews I’ve read for the larger campgrounds in the area mention mostly RVs, small sites and tons of noise. (Specifically Twin Lakes and Lake Mary campgrounds)

Anyone have experience with a good campground that is more tent friendly or calm? Wife and kiddo are coming so dispersed isn’t a option.",Tent camping - Mammoth Lakes Area,1,False,notabumbleb33
camping,,This behemoth has been home for the past 10 weekends of Missouri bow/rifle season.,1,False,CaffeinatedJawa
camping,,"Waking up to this view was worth hiking up at night. Germany, palatinate",1,False,rauepfade
camping,,A Bakers Dozen Campgrounds for an Unforgettable Arizona Wilderness Experience,1,False,Frequent_Reaction_30
camping,,My private spot on the mountain,1,False,Purple_Maple_Tree
camping,,My private spot on the mountain,1,False,Purple_Maple_Tree
camping,,A beautiful morning to wake up to. Time to get packed up and head home to celebrate thanksgiving with my family now that everyone is home.,1,False,AttitudeCool
camping,,Camper,1,False,Fire-Jet-
camping,,"Between a rock and the deadly coronavirus, town of Bishop [CA] urges holiday climbers to stay away",1,False,211logos
camping,,"Dix Mountain Wilderness, Adirondack Mountains, New York, USA",1,False,BrightscapesArt
camping,"I wish i was out camping today, and the next, and a few after that and probably a few more after that. Instead I'm stuck at home with family and all they want to talk about is whatever bullshit they plan on buying today. I hate America, #wildernessforever",Black Friday,1,False,YoungAnimater35
camping,,"SIMPLE QUESTION.... Not a simple answer. (WATCH THE VIDEO 👉🏻2021Warrior.com) Are you CREATING power, possibility &amp; production in your world across ALL of the domains of your life?",1,False,StoneFireIce
camping,,"Nothing better than a Friday afternoon getaway! Snowy Mountains, NSW Australia",1,False,StockyG41
camping,"Does anyone know some funny camping jokes? My wife wants to break up with me so we are going on a camping trip to save our marriage lmao
Haven’t made her laugh in ages, don’t want to lose the kids 
Thanks",Camping jokes,1,False,CuckBoris
camping,"https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Laid-Back_Camp#Anime

if you like camping and want a family friendly animation that is, well, its very relaxing, you may wanna check it out.  

it shows and features camping gear, cooking, actual famous campgrounds near Mount Fuji.  

i think you can watch it free on Crunchyroll with ads, but there’s only twelve 23 minute episodes so you could probably marathon it without ads for free during the 10 day free trial.","[Anime] Just fyi there is a wholesome, happy go lucky Japanese anime about 4 high school girls who love camping. It is called Yuru Camp.",1,False,Isolated_Stoner86
camping,,This thing is a beast,1,False,KumaInazuma
camping,"My wife and I just finished a week long car-camping trip to several state parks in Texas (our goal being to stay at all 80) and there were two nights that we were more uncomfortable (temperature-wise) than we'd have liked, in ~40F nights (around 3-5AM). Before I continue, yes we're quite aware that 40F isn't considered ""cold"" to a lot of campers, and camping in Texas isn't likely to involve the extreme end of lower temperatures, but we were quite uncomfortable and hoping to find something that works for us going forward. :)

Our current setup:

* Coleman Prairie Breeze 9-person Tent
* Coleman Queen Air Bed Cot

I know the tent is a bit much, but we enjoy having something that fits our air mattress and allows us to stand up and change clothes. We both slept in sweatpants, thick Darn Tough hiking socks, I had on a waffle henley and thick sweat shirt and a North Face beanie (which was a bit annoying, as it kept slipping off as I tossed and turned in my sleep). We had jersey fitted sheet, ourselves, then a jersey sheet, a cheap fleece blanket, and a quilted coverlet. 

Our bodies weren't too cold, as spooning helped (although that was only comfortable until one of our arms would fall asleep and we'd switch up), but hands/face/feet were pretty constantly uncomfortable, and it would be somewhat nice if we had a set up that didn't require spooning since that involves waking up and shifting positions fairly often due to arm circulation issues.

My initial thought is that it might have something to do with sleeping on air, although I was under the impression that not sleeping on the ground was beneficial in colder settings. The things I've thought of are as follows, not sure which would be most beneficial:

* Better/thicker bedding (blankets, etc)
* Better blankets between our bodies and the air mattress
* A queen sized electric blanket
* Some type of gas/electric heater that we occasionally turn on in the tent (but set an alarm to turn off after so long). 
* Thermal base layers (not sure if this would help too much, since we're already wearing sweat pants/sweaters)
* Balaclava and gloves?

We're contemplating getting the Yeti Goal Zero 150 generator, so constant access to electricity for blankets/heaters wouldn't be a problem (as several Texas State Parks don't offer electricity). If you suggest any of the above (or something entirely different), we'd also appreciate any recommended brands/items to help us narrow down our options. We've only recently got into car camping/biking/hiking (just finished Texas State Park 5 of 80) and really enjoy it, but at 35 we're also looking for a bit of comfort, especially since we'd like to camp year-round :) Also, if there's a better subreddit to post this in, please let me know. Thanks!",Advice for sleeping warm during 30-45F nights,1,False,Dr_Ironbeard
camping,,Getting hold of car camping this winter. Not a bad start.,1,False,Outrageous_Pack9947
camping,,A great ending to a perfect day of camping with my boys. Watching flocks of geese fly over the lake at sunset.,1,False,AttitudeCool
camping,"As I've gotten a little older, and inherited the same blood pressure issues of my ancestors, I find that nearly all freeze-dried food options are ridiculously high in sodium.  I can't touch them, for the most part.  I've found a few brands that go much lower on the sodium, but they're priced at a premium.

Was interested in alternatives for lightweight foods that you carry in your pack for a few days to a few weeks at a time?  What are your go-to options?",Lightweight Meal options?,1,False,CantinaPatron
camping,"&amp;#x200B;

[My camping stove and cooking meal](https://preview.redd.it/x253eatvno161.jpg?width=1000&amp;format=pjpg&amp;auto=webp&amp;s=f2d992db20c4e523eab4d1fc282002ab06e9b67a)",Enjoy my cooking with titanium stove.,1,False,jasonisok
camping,,Gateway to some beautiful Colorado camping ahead.,1,False,ShimmyMan
camping,,"My handsome Hubs heating up Turkey dinner. This is our kind of Thanksgiving. Gobble gobble, y’all!",1,False,00millsy
camping,,My best friend talking with my little brother about philosophy,1,False,blackholevoyager
camping,,I asked my wife “What can I do to show thanks to you?” She asked for entire 24 hours all to her self so the boys and I packed up this morning and headed to our local lake. What a perfect way to spend our day.,1,False,AttitudeCool
camping,,I though it would be warm but 41 C or 106 F has me second guessing my trip next week. Bugger!,1,False,bobthebeagle
camping,"My dog hasn’t been camping because our kids weren’t ready yet. Now they are and our dog will enjoy coming along. It will be car camping, so no problem bringing his bed along.

But what do you do at the camp site? A tie out? Let them wander? A long leash all day? A leash on a clothesline?",Camping with a dog?,1,False,AmUser_Name
camping,,Descend at your own risk ⚠️ is what the sign says!!,1,False,sraaan
camping,,"Decent at your own risk ⚠️ is what the signs says, but totally worth it !!!!",1,False,sraaan
camping,,This is how I cooled our drinks while camping in 20 degree F weather. Something about this made it more refreshing!,1,False,iamthefluff
camping,,"My last camping trip for the year, 20 degrees F.",1,False,iamthefluff
camping,,"My view from my campsite in the Great Smokey Mountains here in NC. Ahhh, life is good 😎",1,False,frickafreshhh
camping,,"When you have a chance to camp, you take that opportunity! Stayed through the weekend at Maplewood State Park in MN while picking up a ""new"" vehicle, 33 Chevy Standard Coupe. If you're ever in the area, check this place out in the fall time. Beautiful!",1,False,PamWpg204
camping,,"Can't beat that view. ""End of the world""",1,False,luv2climbon
camping,,Unboxing the Eurohike - Shadow 250 Night Fall Tent,1,False,MHodson_83
camping,[camping/prepping](https://thepandemicprepper.wordpress.com/2020/11/22/15-things-you-forgot-to-plan-for-when-prepping/),Anybody here camp as part of prepping for shtf? There’s a BIG crossover!,1,False,ComeOnLetsRoll
camping,"I have no idea where to post this. I live in a stone house in a freezing place that feels colder than the outside temperature, so it's like I'm camping outdoors (we wear coats and snow clothes inside). We will soon have a stove fire running, but have no gates available to make a barrier for our baby. When you're camping, is there anything you can do to make sure that your baby doesn't touch the fire or go near there?",Camping with kids- how to make them not touch the fire?,1,False,petitbeurre11
camping,,Beim Camping und im Business. Wir haben eine Reihe von Ladegeräten und Netzteilen im Wohnmobil im Einsatz. Am liebsten sind uns dazu die Universalkabel für alle Geräte. Auch am Schlüsselbund ist immer eines als Schlüsselanhänger dabei. Sowohl preislich als auch funktional eine echte Bereicherung. #A,1,False,camperhelp
camping,,"A girl her dog &amp; her camper , it's a beautiful thing.",1,False,mortingril
camping,,"Hey, I thought I would give this a share for anybody like me that gets bored of cooking the same things over and over again",1,False,vanlifesurvivoruk
camping,,We've got a larger tent and this is what we can do for the late night dinner :),1,False,mountain_geek
camping,,Camping in the Oregon desert.,1,False,heretic-catlady777
camping,,"Bliss. Kirkwood, CA in the Sierra Nevadas.",1,False,WayfaringAviator
camping,,"First time snow camping in the Sierras, just north of Kirkwood. Absolutely awesome experience! First time using my tent in the snow and it held up great.",1,False,WayfaringAviator
camping,"Hello all, I am going to Death Valley this weekend for a 4 day vision quest, seeing as the weather will be mild enough at this time of year, below 80 during the daytime and above 40 during night. Campers who are experienced with Death Valley, where is the best place to camp by myself and not see any wanderers/tourists for 4 days and nights straight?",Most secluded spot in Death Valley for isolation camping?,1,False,crediblehulknba
camping,,"Such a beautiful trip, well worth it.",1,False,Lehawk10
camping,,Decided to hunt down all my gear and put it in one place and here's the result,1,False,penguincam
camping,,"Rock Garden Trail inside Cheaha State Park, Alabama",1,False,spiceybagel
camping,,My complete glamping kit for the PNW that cures the cold sweats.,1,False,bedoublenegative
camping,Where are the best places to buy children’s camping gear?,Kids camping gear,1,False,Margo_J
camping,,Blue Mountain Canada Full Walkthrough 2020 |Travel Guide| Virtual Walk Tour,1,False,Ill-Development1987
camping,,"[Survey] I'm a design student looking to make storage solutions for campers, I could really use your help!",1,False,amiibler
camping,,Get Access To World's Largest Collection of 16000 Woodworking plans,1,False,Gangliitis
camping,,Anyone know if there’s a cover that would be good for this camper? The wings are what is challenging.,1,False,cece808
camping,,"Some drone shots from my camping trip on the Swanson River Canoe Route. Kenai Peninsula, Alaska. Worth it if you ever get a chance to see in person.",1,False,justingunit
camping,"Im looking for suggestions for a sleep system that I can use in both winter and summer in the north east. Is there any system I would be able to use in both winter and summer or should I get two bags, one for winter and one for summer.",Can Anyone Recommend a sleeping bag?,1,False,gr0d007
camping,Please let me know the place and time of year you’d suggest going! I’d greatly appreciate all of your suggestions.,Just camped at Prairie Creek Redwoods State Park and am high off of how beautiful it was(first camping experience). I’m trying to plan another camping trip but don’t know where I should camp. Any suggestions ?,1,False,LovelyCampingCouple
camping,,Lose Weight Easy Without Change in Diet and Exercise,1,False,Gangliitis
camping,,"Saw a post on here about the Grand Canyon South Kaibab trail, brought back good memories of a GC camping trip I took a couple of years ago and my favorite trail in the Canyon",1,False,EdwardPackard
camping,,We took the giant KingDome 4 to Yellowstone this year,1,False,Lakestang
camping,,Camping on Broken Bow Lake in Oklahoma. Cant wait to get back out...,1,False,iamEffortless
camping,,Forest tea,1,False,Vadimsadovski
camping,,Woke up to some sweet views this past summer. North Cascades National Park backcountry!,1,False,miroc-n-roll
camping,,"Car camping and hiking the Ice Age Trail in Point Beach State Forest, Two Rivers, Wisconsin.",1,False,Da_Rabbit_Hammer
camping,,My car camping set up,1,False,dave16543
camping,"Soo my friend decided to start his own adventure/trekking company or whatever you call it😂.. need some good, catchy or goofy names for the company... plz help..",Name Suggestions,1,False,JaysonMeow
camping,"Currently in Maggie Valley with the family for Thanksgiving. About to go to Soco Falls this morning and possibly make it to the ""dome"" later in the day. Was looking for some recommendations on things to see, places to go, things to do. Thanks in advance!","Recommendations in Maggie Valley, NC?",1,False,frickafreshhh
camping,,Got the setup just about right.,2,False,brahlicious
camping,[removed],"Beaming Dice with great technologies such as Micro SMD LEDs, Gyroscope, Bluetooth, etc",1,False,Creative-Isopod8996
camping,,Wallpaper,1,False,SeaRecommendation279
camping,,Camp Lee Mar | Tuition Dates,1,False,campleemar
camping,,A little Log Cabin style campfire illustration I did a while back. What is your top campfire build?,1,False,jehniv
camping,,10 y/o pup’s first time car camping - Central California,1,False,Acrobatic_Asparagus1
camping,,One of the best parts of camping is waking to the sun and birds.,1,False,thenamenobodywants
camping,,My First Camping Trip ! Redwoods at Prairie Creek (11/20-11/23),2,False,LovelyCampingCouple
camping,,Built a ramp for my dog to get into the RTT.,1,False,guitargirl478
camping,"Hi, I'm used to camping at designated campsites, but am planning my first multi-day backpacking trip in Sequoia where I'm planning on dispersed camping. I just want to make sure I'm following proper LNT guidelines and am not breaking any laws. So with that, I have a couple of questions:

* Do you just hike along your trail, and then set up camp once you're ready at the end of the day? Is there anything more to it than that?
* LNT specifies that you must set up camp out of line of sight of any trails/roads. Is there a minimum distance, like how they specify 200ft minimum from any water source?
* LNT specifies that you shouldn't ""off road"" and you should camp on hard ground. In forests with lots of vegetation, I'm worried that I'll have to trample off-trail for a while to find a clearing or something to set up camp. Is that violating LNT? In this case, would you just keep hiking until you find somewhere with less foliage--i.e., somewhere more rocky?",Questions on Dispersed Camping Rules,1,False,FeedFwd
camping,,"The Dream River. Cave of the Mounds, WI.",1,False,LivWilder
camping,[removed],"UEFA Champions League scores: Barcelona, Chelsea, others qualify for knockout round; PSG notch big win",1,False,Wise-Measurement-396
camping,,Lake Camping - Rest. Relax. Recharge,1,False,LabelleVie89m
camping,,"2020 is the first year my partner and I started camping. Through trial and error after 9 trips, we feel pretty proud of the set up we developed.",1,False,Naruc
camping,,"Woke up to this stunning view in Moab, UT.",1,False,mackattacktack
camping,"Hi everyone, I am planning on going dispersed camping at Alabama hills this weekend. However, I am slightly concerned that we may have trouble finding a spot to camp (planning on driving up Friday morning). I was wondering if anyone has any insight on how crowded it has been or if crowds are typically much larger during Thanksgiving weekend.

Thanks!",Alabama Hills during Thanksgiving weekend,1,False,Dr_Billiam
camping,,Pups first time camping!,1,False,TylerBlu
camping,,My summer getaway (Australia),1,False,Leisuredirectau
camping,What's up wildlings! Quick question. Our daughter will be a year old next summer. I've somewhat at terms with  the fact we'll have to wait it out a few years until we start taking her on trips but then again maybe I'm not crazy for considering it 🤔 I don't recall seeing many tots on my trips though.. anyone with experience wanna share their opinion?,Camping with little ones,1,False,DaM0oks
camping,,Who else has hiked the South Kaibab in The Grand Canyon?,1,False,snuddplugg
camping,[removed],How Affiliate Marketers Around the World are making upto $500 per day (Complete Training),1,False,Gangliitis
camping,,Kansas camping w/drinks,1,False,msbanana202
camping,,This past summer/fall was fun in the teardrop camper. Time to winterize.,1,False,JWHY1975
camping,,Turn off your phone shut down your computer &amp; go camping,1,False,mortingril
camping,,"First camping trip for the pup. Had a fantastic time! (Jug Handle Farm, Caspar, CA)",1,False,BeanDemon
camping,,Just found this portable stove that only weighs 47g! Perfect for lightweight camping,1,False,JakJohnson1
camping,,Social distance camping ✓,1,False,salad_dressing_dude
camping,"Where do you guys find good camping places, especially in US and Europe? Any website in particular?",Websites to find good camping spots?,1,False,thiagobarbosa
camping,"We all love our morning coffee with fresh, crisp air! I'm in the market for a new delicious coffee system. I have done instant coffee and a stainless steel coffee percolator. In the past, I had an AeroPress I used at home. I'm curious to know what everyone uses or what their best method is for a great cup of coffee.",Best way to make camp coffee?,1,False,hellogarner
camping,,Anyone use a cancooker? How sturdy are the lid latches?,1,False,archetyp0
camping,,"Just wanted to share some of my favourite photos from my first ever camping experience (2018, Kayseri/Turkey)",1,False,i_love_pesto
camping,"It's easy to have portable power when you go camping or have other outdoor events. Unlike other power stations, this has serious power and can even run a fridge! 2500 watt 100ah &amp; 150 watt solar panel. 

You can even charge the system with a 12v car outlet, gas generator, or from the AC wall charger!

[Delta Force Power \~ Solar Generators](https://www.deltaforcepower.com)

[www.deltaforcepower.com](https://preview.redd.it/40ym1udaw7161.jpg?width=645&amp;format=pjpg&amp;auto=webp&amp;s=840328a2263bdf33011eb467163d8249dfaa2e79)","Why Not Have Portable Power For Camping? Power a Mini Fridge, Lights, Laptop, Portable Devices!",1,False,BodyGun
camping,,"PSA: If you use Facebook or Oculus products/services, you are supporting a criminal organization",1,False,LimitlessResearcher
camping,"I was thinking about taking a solo camping trip, but I can’t think of what there is to do to keep myself entertained other than reading. I like reading, but I’m just curious about what other people like to do.",What do you like to do while solo camping?,1,False,casblanan
camping,,"Easy camping in my Suburban 4x4 Solar Camper Build at Loon Lake, California",1,False,HorizonOverland
camping,,Our Modular SUV Sleeping Platform - A bit more protection this fall/winter,1,False,meatpistons
camping,[https://medium.com/indian-thoughts/the-best-camping-alcohol-stoves-ddd6755a0bdc](https://medium.com/indian-thoughts/the-best-camping-alcohol-stoves-ddd6755a0bdc),The Best Camping Alcohol Stoves,1,False,Sure_Art_1711
camping,,📌📌📌📌📌📌📌📌📌 Now I strongly believe that difficult Roads always leads to successful destinations. TraderExtra Limited have leads me to success. ✖️No scam ✖️No withdrawal charges 👍No limitations 👍 Instant paying My Third successful withdrawal payment 👇👇👇👇 https://Lads-trade.com http://Lads-trade.com,1,False,Electronic-Orchid-68
camping,,"First snow today's has me excited for winter camping! Lacloche Mountains, ON.",1,False,EffectiveAroma
camping,"So I am preparing for a long camping and fly fishing excursion through the western portion of the US. 
How do you protect your gear from would be thieves when out and about from your site?
I do plan on using my game cameras when camping. But that’s not a deterrent. And yes, we all know if a thief wants it bad enough, they are going to get it. 
Thanks for your reply and sharing.",Gear protection when camping,1,False,OzarkFly
camping,"Beautiful place to camp
[Eatin good in the woods](https://youtu.be/BEeuk8BOCAI)",Great boondocking in NC,1,False,eatin_good
camping,"Ive just arrived at a packed campground, its night time but no one else has a fire going. Im about to light one up before i think, is it a camp site courtesy that you dont light up a fire when the grounds are full/ no one else is lighting one? Am i overthinking this, or is this a thing...",Camp fire courtesy,1,False,fkthlemons
camping,,Cooking Tacos and Camping in our Suburban Solar Camper on the northern California Coast,1,False,HorizonOverland
camping,So sometimes we get to camp early and hike around or read in our hammocks but we are also looking for other campsite entertainment activities. I’ll usually pack a deck of cards or another game but what else do you all do when you’re out in the back country?,Camp Activities,1,False,ega0621
camping,,Sky tent!,1,False,squatchnpines
camping,,My Modular SUV Sleeping Platform for Two,1,False,meatpistons
camping,,Nice relaxing campfire,1,False,bigpappa2021
camping,,Nice falls where I was camping,1,False,bigpappa2021
camping,,Our Modular SUV Sleeping Platform with DIY Guide,1,False,meatpistons
camping,,Sunsets never cease to amaze me (Australia) [ OC ],1,False,Leisuredirectau
camping,,Some of my favorite camping meals!,1,False,Kenstaa
camping,,Some of my Favorite campaign meals!,1,False,Kenstaa
camping," Hello! I host a podcast about all things paranormal and out there. We are currently working on a “national park horror story compilation” and anyone is welcome to enter their stories! DM me with a very brief summary of your story (like 3-4 sentences because we want to save it for the podcast) and I’ll let you know if we can have you on! We do these via Zoom and faces/names can be anonymous if wanted. 

Thanks!",Looking for national park horror stories for my podcast!,1,False,WallaceStVincen
camping,,"Ginnie Springs, FL",1,False,Axeldog11
camping,,"Our camp spot in the Mojave last spring. This whole area got burned by a recent fire, but I have hope that it’ll be this beautiful again one day.",1,False,Yainks
camping,"So, admittedly not a camping question, but I am preparing to move with my family. We can go anywhere, but I really want to get a little place near a national park, or a least a heavily forested area with a creek, etc.
Somewhere where the kids can explore the wild and I can go foraging, etc. I actually want to walk out my back door and into the forest. 

What are some of your favorite areas like this in the US? (Where you’ve camped) 
We are trying to narrow down our search area. 
Any input is greatly appreciated. 😊",Location advice,1,False,anonmouse2000
camping,,"Winter Camping in Alberta, Canada",2,False,freecampab
camping,,15 Things you forgot to pack...,1,False,ComeOnLetsRoll
camping,,"Driving west from Boston on Friday for a two week ski trip - CAMPING ONLY (WY, UT, CO)",1,False,chettyoubetcha
camping,,What do you think of the Kimbo Camper?,1,False,DiscussionMammoth
camping,,The Most Comprehensive Affiliate Marketing Training,1,False,Gangliitis
camping,"Going to be camping in the Pacific Northwest this winter for over a month. I’m from Ontario where we don’t get the same amount of rain, so wondering about kitchen setup. 

First thoughts are classic kitchen tent or tarp setup - but looking for suggestions. We will be sleeping in a Kodiak 10 by 14 for reference.",Kitchen Setup for Rainy Days,1,False,Kawarthaadventurer
camping,,Mid week escape in my DIY camper,1,False,daputz83
camping,,Camping in Croatia 🇭🇷,1,False,Moon-light20
camping,,Solo camping and offroading in Joshua Tree,1,False,minkey007
camping,,"Hey folks, Anyone here interested in ATV Camping? I just created a new community for it!",1,False,newfieoutdoorsmen
camping,,Dead yet still standing strong 💪!!,1,False,sraaan
camping,,Beautiful day camping!,1,False,newfieoutdoorsmen
camping,Booked my reservations for Elkmont in late May!  Excited to visit for the 1st time from California.  Let me know if you have any pro tips!,Got my Elkmont Campground (GSMNP ) Reservations!,1,False,ay182
camping,,First overnight trip on Bear Rocks Trail Via The Appalachian Trail in PA! (Back in early late May),1,False,BigBlue_RTR19
camping,,"Nice hidden site at Sabine National Forest. 31.299791,-93.719682",1,False,rovert_xih
camping,"Considering  going in December. Other than low temps, should there be any other concern?",Does anyone have any experience camping in the Great Sand Dune National Park in Colorado during winter?,1,False,ben_hp
camping,,Dispersed camping around the Vegas area. Who’da thunk this is only 30 miles outside Sin city?,1,False,tcmisfit
camping,,Who wants headlights everywhere and generator noise when you can disperse camp!,1,False,tcmisfit
camping,,Camp kitchen setup.,1,False,Naptown222
camping,"I use them at home and love them, but at home I can heat up the pan and run hot water in the sink, and “steam clean” them, but I was curious on what you all do to keep your cast iron pans clean and ready to use for next time, any tips are appreciated!","People who camp with cast iron pans, how do you clean them?",1,False,bstandoffish54
camping,,"Nocal, back in May 2019 Summers—near Placervillle.",1,False,bhatta90
camping,,"Second year in a row winter camping with my dad, such a fun experience! Highly recommend. No snow this time around",1,False,TealVermillion
camping,,Picture of a creek near my house in Ontario.,1,False,SGT-R0CK
camping,,Black Friday Sale Now. Youravon.com/TnallTillett,1,False,TJNTillett_Avon
camping,,November camping in New Mexico,1,False,steveoscaro
camping,"For my personal newsletter, I was digging into the history of nalgene and thought this forum would find it interesting!

In 1949, in Rochester, New York, chemist Emanuel Goldbery developed the first plastic pipette (science eye droppers) for his laboratory. He then founded the Nalge Company and expanded from pipettes to producing plastic lab bottles. The plastic material was more durable than traditional glass, while the screw tops worked well to contain liquids and odours. It was practical in the lab and even more so for scientists working outside in the field. One important thing to keep in mind is that at this time, the world was just starting to move away from Bakelite and rubbers to petroleum-based plastics, which were a relatively new invention. Plastic would not have been a common sight in the home or office.

Just over a decade later in the 1960s, outdoorsy lab scientists started taking their plastic labware with them on back-packing trips because they were unbreakable, leak-proof and lightweight. The popularity of reusable containers grew in the 1970s as the Leave No Trace philosophy was embraced and groups like the Sierra Club began discouraging campers from the previously common disposal practice of burning or burying cans or glass canisters. Around the same time, the President of Nalge Company saw his son using the containers on his Boy Scout trips and had the idea to market the polycarbonate bottles as high-quality camping gear. The “original water bottle” was born.

You can find out more here (and subscribe!) at [https://considered.substack.com/p/nalgene](https://considered.substack.com/p/nalgene)",Crazy History of Nalgene Bottles - From the Lab to the Park,1,False,jaredg13
camping,,To me outdoor cooking while camping is often the best part of the day.,1,False,WildBushGrit
camping,,Found this beauty when clearing out my gallery.,1,False,Xxsanchez420xX
camping,"Hello guys, not an experienced camper, what websites/apps do you recommend when i can find camping spaces to put my tent with other amenities included, i'm looking for something like airbnb but for camping spaces. Should have Europe included, a great website i found was N.A only.",Camping spaces website/app,1,False,tedz555
camping,,"Can’t wait to go back to the San Juan’s. Picture is from September 2020 at about 12,500ft. Backpacked our gear in 7 miles with a 3000+ ft elevation change in the first 2.5mi or so.",1,False,seancan44
camping,,Picked these up the other day. In Canada it's much harder to find freeze dried eggs. This was my first time trying them. Blind taste test with my kids and they couldn't tell the difference between fresh eggs or the packaged eggs. Game changer for my portage trips.,1,False,Jasonatcamp
camping,[removed],"Camps in kinnaur, camps in sangla",1,False,itsneha001
camping,"Hi everyone, so i've gone and set myself up for a charity endurance event in a few weeks, because i'm an idiot haha. basically the challenge is to walk for 24 hours straight through the winter solstice for charity.

&amp;#x200B;

im looking for any bits and bobs people would pack for this event that i may have missed, as im keeping it lightweight haha. so give me your suggestions for kit! 

&amp;#x200B;

no sleeping!

no stopping to cook!

but lots of steps and trail mix! 

&amp;#x200B;

cheers for the suggestions! 

&amp;#x200B;

p.s. i'm in the uk so it will be cold and probably wet if you didn't guess that from the winter bit","24H endurance hike, what would you pack",1,False,jow97
camping,,A taste of my last solo trip in the PNW.,1,False,Limp_pineapple
camping,,The weirdness of falling asleep in freezing cold and waking up cause of heat 🔥(Carpathian Mountains),1,False,Dymmova
camping,"My buddy and I are going to embark on a camping trip next month! It's the middle of December though, so it definitely will be cold. Similarly, we may have to deal with snow as well.

Any advice? We've gone camping before but never in the winter.",First time camping in the winter... any advice?,1,False,feldmasl01
camping,,Flipping Flame Grilled Steaks,1,False,VentureCreek
camping,,Got the tailgate table installed today!,1,False,techchick101
camping,,"(Los Padres National Forest, CA) Got to get out of the city this weekend for some fresh air. No fires allowed but still made some bomb chili.",1,False,abankes
camping,"First Timer here.  Does anyone happen know any places in the Pennsylvania/Ohio region where I can go out in the “middle of nowhere” and set up a tent?  It’s easy to find campgrounds around here but I want to be as far away from other people as possible.  I’ve been camping in a cabin and a camper before but want more of a “survival mode” type of place, preferably with some small game and a place to fish :)",Camping in Pennsylvania,1,False,ButMyMackinAintEasy
camping,"It's looking like it'll hit in the 30s at night and 50s or so during the day. I don't own many warm clothes and want to make sure I'm prepared but also not wasting money on stuff I'll never wear again. 

I'm not sure if Jeans and Hoodies will mostly have me covered if I need something warmer than that. 

Any advice would be appreciated!",What kind of clothes should a Florida Boy bring on Carolina camping trip?,1,False,bogaboy
camping,,Scouting out places to camp next year in beautiful Oregon,1,False,dirtroad108
camping,,Overnight Run to the Ridge,1,False,noknownboundaries
camping,,"Martha’s Pretty Point, Sparta, Tennessee",1,False,baileyrobinson64
camping,,"Chestnuts on an open fire. (Kalamazoo, MI)",1,False,erik_d
camping,,Why travel Internationally when domestic looks this good!! (Australia),1,False,Leisuredirectau
camping,,The lonely swing - Upstate New York.,1,False,CampMoonChild
camping,,Gorgeous views from upstate New York. It was 30 degrees but it felt awesome!,1,False,CampMoonChild
camping,,Friday The 13th,1,False,SnooCupcakes8764
camping,,One last solo camp before the snow really starts to fly.,1,False,bubblegumshrimp
camping,,"Does anybody have info on the Hitch Hotel? When was this started? Anybody order one? Projected finish date? Thanks, very interested",1,False,Troubadour1985
camping,,Breakfast in a hot tent. Who else would do it?,1,False,gammonjoshua
camping,,Sunrise at Nathan Bedford Forest State Park,1,False,neverenoughtape
camping,,Enjoyed a beautiful sunset while camping at El Capitan State Beach,1,False,bonisaur
camping,,Planning a winter camping trip? Here’s a case for going solo,1,False,LoganMorganqc
camping,I was looking for a good spot to camp on the Washington coast. Don’t want to camp at an official campsite but rather go somewhere more isolated and serene. Any special spots that aren’t talked about too often? Appreciate any feedback at all!,Camping on the Washington Coast,1,False,JacobHamaker
camping,,Had a blast this weekend camping lake talquin (Florida),1,False,saltlifer82
camping,,A gift to myself for working a 22hr shift,1,False,last_lesson
camping,"Hi guys I plan on going camping in Austin, Texas this weekend and I’m looking for specific spots that have great views! Anyone have any tips/ recommendations? Thank you💗","Austin, Texas camping trip?",1,False,justagirlonredditlol
camping,,"Quick getaway with some friends before the holidays. Chiricahua Wilderness, Arizona.",1,False,bobagya
camping,"Hi I’m a student who is looking for beta testers to try the app I have been working on throughout 2020. The app is a place to review, rate, and find local restaurants and hiking trails with the help of AI.


If anyone is interested, here is the signup link: https://docs.google.com/forms/d/12sYqlD51uKvx2Ip8xTrOeE8j4GqfEWjzHPbY3WhO9UQ",Sorry if this breaks the rules! But y’all can review camping sites on my app!,1,False,pooooosldbgicsb
camping,,Happy campers- ready for Thanksgiving 🍁,1,False,DiosMioMan2
camping,,"Today I went camping and had tons of fun but uh oh, when I returned home, uncle walked in and said why have such fun? I then said cause it' fun you should try it. But he got extremely angry at my request so this happened....",1,False,Escortspanker
camping,[https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6zDlG-BvA8g&amp;t=378s&amp;ab\_channel=UnitedByWheels](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6zDlG-BvA8g&amp;t=378s&amp;ab_channel=UnitedByWheels),Show my campin vid some love,1,False,ZestycloseCucumber34
camping,,Biscuits baked in the billy pot on the firebox,1,False,502hiker
camping,,Hot tent camping with a woods stove.,1,False,gammonjoshua
camping,,Redneck buttholes left a bunch of trash at this lake side dispersed site at Sabine National Forest... Lucky for me they left an onion that I was excited to burn,1,False,rovert_xih
camping,,Sunset from our campsite in swampy East Texas. 45 degree night clear skies,1,False,vibranium_in_wakanda
camping,"Sorry not sure if this sub is correct to address this question but it was the first thing I could think of. Having a fire with my son and wanted to have little fun and use packets made to change the color of the flames. I am using 3hr starter logs and was just curious if it was safe to use with each other. There isn’t any warnings for such thing and can’t find anything when googling for answers, so now I’m here. If anyone has any experience with this or knows the answer please let me know. Thanks!",Can Color changing campfire packets be used on starter logs?,1,False,nevereach
camping,I was hoping for some recommendations on all in one type cook and dinnerware sets. I often go camping with my dad and his camp cookware and such are just old pots and pans from his kitchen that have since been replaced. They don't exactly pack very well meaning they take up a fair amount of space. Looking to get him something for Christmas that is compact and an all in one type setup.,Cookware and dinnerware recommendations,1,False,FindYourRhythm
camping,,Behind the falls,1,False,NicholeHypatia
camping,"Can anyone give me some advice on gear must haves and nice to haves?

I have camped out with friends before in my teens and twenties.  Those were just parties thoughts.  I’m now settled down with two young kids.  I want to give them and my wife fun camping experiences.

Thanks!",New camper....advice pleas,1,False,ugio979479
camping,,Life is good,1,False,AmandaBarton27
camping,,Day drinking outside hits different,1,False,AmandaBarton27
camping,,"Living in a postcard. Red Rock Overlook, Nevada....an amazing and beautiful place to hike and camp just outside the city. Who else loves a good sunset? (Campsites just outside the park)",1,False,tattooedyeti1
camping,,An end to a great weekend. Until next week!,1,False,AttitudeCool
camping,,My camping shelf,1,False,drunkbackpacker
camping,,Review of the perfect coffee brewer for camping!,1,False,carlool
camping,,Mountains ....,1,False,gaga_gt
camping,,For those who are more into wild camping,1,False,Val_Kemp
camping,,Mountains and windmills,1,False,gaga_gt
camping,,Just trying to capture all these,1,False,gaga_gt
camping,,Soaking 🌞,1,False,gaga_gt
camping,,Last weekend ride glimpse...,1,False,gaga_gt
camping,,Windmills,1,False,gaga_gt
camping,,Shooting scenes pls share your opinions...,1,False,gaga_gt
camping,,Sunrise 🔆 what a weekend 🌄,1,False,gaga_gt
camping,,What a view,2,False,gaga_gt
camping,,And here we are .......,1,False,gaga_gt
camping,,Rise n shine,1,False,gaga_gt
camping,,Last fire of the trip. The wind off the lake was chilly last night but my trusty fire reflector helped with that.,1,False,AttitudeCool
camping,,Campfire.,1,False,AttitudeCool
camping,,Had Chinese hotpot next to our campfire yesterday 😋,1,False,Jingeasy
camping,,7 tips for hiking and camping in the snow,1,False,Stylelifey
camping,"How it happened at first
I have been dreaming of going camping for at least 8 years now.

When I came to the UK and in particular to Scotland I was a little boy, I was scared and everything there seemed very foreign to me.

One thing that was the scariest during my time there, were the camping trips that we took, as well as the sailing trips that we had.

I have never been the outdoorsy type. I preferred to stay in the comfort of my room and my bed. Why bother if it is already good here? Why go out of our way just to experience something new? You want something new? Well you can just watch a movie or something.

Well that is what I thought before going on one of those trips.

Once I was forced to go onto my first camping trip I was really-really sad. I thought that it was a waste of time and everything scared me. I had also always hated any insects and just the thought of sleeping in the tent was scary to me.

Long story short, we packed our bags and I stuffed as much food as I could, and we set off on our huge school bus into the unknown.

Scotland land image

The first was quite frankly, amazing. I have never experienced anything like that before. It was constant stillness. I had my mind off every little problem that I had at the time. I didn’t bother with the exams that were coming up, I didn’t bother with any thoughts about the future. I was fully consumed in the moment.

To be completely honest, I really hated Scotland. The weather was just like Russia but we more humid air. I got sick every month and every time I had to walk outside I wanted to beat the #$%^ out of Scotland.

camping tent

Well, when I started walking on the hiking trail I took everything back that I ever said about Scotland back. The human-made Scotland is awful, but the nature is simply astonishing. I have never seen or experienced anything.

You can probably imagine that I was much more enthusiastic about the next trips and that is true. Each trip just got better and better

---

If you would like to read the full article that is better formatted, you can read it [here](https://klimy.co/blog/dream-of-going-camping)",Dream of going camping again,1,False,KlimYadrintsev
camping,"Here are what I want-:

1) Preferably in a table(but not a big deal if I don't get it, but really happy if I can use circular plastic table and chair while studying).

2) I want to use laptop inside it.

3) I want to study full day(till sunset) inside it.(Because my room is rocking cold as fck. And I am not being able to use heater in my room because of lack of power to my room. Sounds sick tbh. Plus no AC or heat pumps in my room. :(

**What types of tents are best for this case?**","I want to study in sun, what is the best tent for me?",1,False,djangonotlaravel
camping,,"Hunting Island, South Carolina",1,False,highplainsdrifter6
camping,"Hi! My wife and I love to camp 3 season, but because of covid, we're camping over Thanksgiving weekend. It'll get down to freezing at night, and we were wondering about any advice you all have for making things comfortable. We'll be driving to the camp site, so weight isn't an issue!

One big concern is what will go below us. We have sleeping pads, but we don't think they'll be enough when it's that cold, so we were planning on laying a bunch of blankets down first. Any ideas on good insulators for below in a tent?

Thanks in advance!",First time winter camping! We have a few questions.,1,False,charliehann
camping,,Among the rocks and under the moon at Joshua Tree NATPARK,1,False,DSPbuckle
camping,"Hey all, I picked up an old folding aluminum table a while back at a garage sale, and I’m thinking about using it for cooking with some Dutch ovens, which would mean putting coals right on it. There are no plastic parts that I can see, save for a handle towards the middle, and I’m just trying to see if this would be a bad idea for some reason. It might mar up the surface a bit, but aluminum isn’t going to be damaged by that amount of heat, right?",Coals Directly on an Aluminum folding table?,1,False,JimboAACR
camping,,Impressed by what phone camera is capable of nowadays,1,False,goshzxc
camping,,Anacapa Island Camping,1,False,shepherdm
camping,Does anyone have first hand experience using a Mr. Heater Buddy or Mr. Heater Little Buddy indoor heater above 9000 feet? Bought a Napier truck tent and need to figure out heating for this winter. Prefer not to go generator/inverter/electric heater route.,High Altitude Tent Heater Question,1,False,coloradojt
camping,I just booked a mini trip for next week - three nights and two days of hiking (not backpacking) in a local park. The temperature will be hovering around zero but snow is predicted. When I booked it I was picturing a nice late fall sojourn. Was maybe a bit high lol. Now that I’m actually imagining myself out there alone in the cold for three days...am I crazy? I’m a good camper but the car will be 750m away and there’s a chance I might be totally alone in the park at night! Any quick tips?? Realizing I haven’t actually ever camped in the snow before. Eek. Thx!,Just booked a snowy camping trip. May be in over my head??,1,False,iwenttothesea
camping,,Expecting rain tonight. Time to get the annex up.,1,False,AttitudeCool
camping,,Wolfe enjoying his time on the lake beaches.,1,False,AttitudeCool
camping,,One chill site to camp,1,False,rainforestguru
camping,,One of the best destination in the world,1,False,dream-ayadi
camping,,Camp From Above - West Yellowstone MT.,1,False,ClaytonCrenshaw
camping,"Rather than spend time indoors and in close proximity, are you planning on sleeping in a tent if you're visiting family/friends for Thanksgiving? I'm a journalist currently working on a story about this trend and I'd love to chat with anyone whose Thanksgiving plans include backyard camping.",Are you planning on staying in a tent in your family/friend's yard as a way of maintaining social distancing this Thanksgiving?,1,False,alliev102
camping,"&amp;#x200B;

https://preview.redd.it/vprld6wexo061.jpg?width=6370&amp;format=pjpg&amp;auto=webp&amp;s=8cdb921dcba7d054a1ff2eeb04238d76ed861ee9",Ready for movie night under the stars!,1,False,No-Discount-7244
camping,,Gidday all hope you had a great weekend!,1,False,4_Wheels_On_The_Road
camping,,West Point Lake Georgia US for a week. Seems good.,1,False,northsidepk
camping,,"Our birthday weekend, back yard camp site. My son turns 7 today. I am a nurse so we have stayed close to home this year. This is the first time breaking out the camping gear and he is so excited!",1,False,socialmediasanity
camping,"Hey y’all I know I have posted some pics but the camp site is up an running! I have attached a link to my sub so y’all can take a peek!

https://www.reddit.com/r/LuckyThirteenFarm/",Camping spot in South Carolina,1,False,RagingBear66
camping,,Saturday ride to my favorite camping site... See you in May!,1,False,Da92illest
camping,,Full time tenter here and new member. Cooked these babies for Veterans day for my husband.,1,False,NoDogFilth
camping,,Took the bike and the car for a quick mid week getaway.,1,False,desmond234
camping,,A little NC Public Land trip.,1,False,TeachDaMath93
camping,"I'm in the UK (Newcastle) and I've never camped in the UK - I regularly camped in California, Arizona, and Nevada with my ex but that's a very different animal...plus he knew what he was doing and he drives. 

I'd like to try camping in the UK but there are two very big problems, one is that I've no idea how to camp here and the other being that I don't drive/my current partner doesn't drive/no one we know would come with us to drive. So is camping without a car possible, as in actually getting to places where camping would be possible?

I'd like somewhere like Keilder as it's pretty and fairly close, I'm thinking just a night or two. Would that be possible, and what might I need to know about camping in UK?

Note: I'm a native Brit so I'm very aware of British weather and I'll likely get soggy. lol",UK Campers - Any advice for newbie/Can you camp without a car?,1,False,Kasha2000UK
camping,,"Marvelling at the sunrise from my recent camping trip in the outskirts of my town. Rajkot, India.",1,False,XploreTheEarth
camping,,2 Days far away from Covid and problems,1,False,60percentWaterGR
camping,,Debris Hut Survival Shelter I built on my land.,1,False,sonofabears
camping,,THROUGH GLASS - Stone Sour | cover,1,False,bertlambojo37
camping,"We were on an extended road trip with a travel trailer we had bought to continue to fix up. Unfortunately something happened and the trailer caught fire while we were driving. The firefighters think it may have been an electrical short. It burned everything! 

https://preview.redd.it/20kjzvd4rn061.jpg?width=1008&amp;format=pjpg&amp;auto=webp&amp;s=86f911e997225d01b990d506b8b383723016678b

https://preview.redd.it/78ckgyd4rn061.jpg?width=1008&amp;format=pjpg&amp;auto=webp&amp;s=dadbd4d2980d022564505be8fb120f3bad9881cd",Always double check electrical!!,1,False,MollyMaverik
camping,"So my boyfriend and I are looking to get a tiny tear drop camper. I was searching through OfferUp and got an ad for a STUPID CHEAP camper on a website called Foxlada. I have never heard of the website but everything on it seems legit and they have a lot of camping gear. 
The product is called Mink Camper Icelandic Mini Trailer. Does anyone have this or have used this website for other camping gear and know if it’s legit? 

Thanks!",Has anyone used Foxlada for camping stuff before?,1,False,schleena
camping,,Day two and a campfire stew for dinner. Weather was cloudy this morning.,1,False,AttitudeCool
camping,,Starting the day with a nice walk and will be ending the day with a delicious campfire stew.,1,False,AttitudeCool
camping,,Color-changing Flame Packets are Pretty Neat,1,False,SValentini
camping,,My campsite for a weekend at the Verde River.,1,False,BeenOnHereTooLong
camping,,Dirty Mike and the boys apparently had fun in my buddy’s tent...,1,False,mghobbs22
camping,,Camping: How it started... How it's going,1,False,eatclimbskirepeat
camping,,"Seen this setup for sale, it’s apparently an Alaskan camper. It looks like it would be a fun restoration project. Any info on this brand? I have no knowledge about them.",1,False,maui454
camping,,This year bears are going into hibernation alot later than usual and some are still forging. Be careful and keep your distance,1,False,YouOtterKnow1
camping,,"Peregrine Falcon hanging around the camp site. Caloosahatchee Regional Park, FL",1,False,AshleyTheGuy
camping,"I have a 2017 chevy trax and I'm looking at getting this topper for a 2000 mile trip but worry it won't last. 
Its called the Rightline Gear Car Top Cargo Bag 

But I see it won't fit my vehicle either but it looks like straps are adjustable.. 

Any advice on which vehicle le topper to get for the trip?",Going on a camping trip need help figuring out how to bring extra gear...,1,False,Fortheloveofcinema
camping,,Kitty loves hammock camping **ignore the scratch**,1,False,ReefJames
camping,,We went camping with our rooftop tent up a random logging road and found a secret cabin!,1,False,waywardlifesailing
camping,,Grateful the guys let me put eye hooks in the living room beam. My new job is fire stoker (nights). Hours are rough but it sure is cozy.,1,False,allmyscarsaregolden
camping,,"From frozen firepit to sizzling steaks in under an hour. Late arrival at Crystal Lake, CA",1,False,HipcampHosts
camping,"I'm going camping for about 8 days, in one location. There's a very small stream nearby which is icy cold. The ambient air temperature though is reasonably warm cause it's summer where I am.

I'm thinking about food - I'll have a box cooler, but obviously that won't be much help I'm guessing since it won't be powered and the ice will melt pretty soon.

Then I had an idea - could I keep a few perishables (mushrooms, onion, eggs perhaps; no meat) in a ziplock bag, submerged in the nearby stream? I'm assuming this would keep them fresh and there's no wildlife in the stream that would nibble at the bag either. I'd secure it well and there's very little current in the stream so it wouldn't float away even if it did get loose.

&amp;#x200B;

Just wondering, has anyone done this before? Am I missing something here? Because it seems like a reasonably good idea.","Keeping food in sealed plastic bag in a river, to keep it cold?",1,False,OgdensNutGhosnFlake
camping,,Last weekend got a little snowy,1,False,PhDepression101
camping,As part of a business course I need to validate some concepts. Think of Airbnb but for camping equipment. Would you rent out your gear to other travelers? What needs to happen for you to rent your gear? What are important considerations? Thanks for the help!,Would you rent out your camping gear?,1,False,No-Discount-7244
camping,,Thinking back to those Crested Butte summer nights.,1,False,_lostindwoods_
camping,,Hiking and then this happens! Survival of the fittest!,1,False,No-Discount-7244
camping,"&amp;#x200B;

*Processing video 8zovylks0i061...*",If only camp setup was so easy,1,False,No-Discount-7244
camping,,Campsite along the foothills trail in South Carolina,1,False,Cosmic__Cowboy
camping,,Jason's Knot Channel,1,False,eveninghaze
camping,,SNAKES!?!? Vietnam memorial?? All at Clear Creek State Park!?!?,1,False,RickyF25
camping,[removed],Taysom Hill named Saints' starting quarterback and NFL Twitter can't believe it,1,False,Wise-Measurement-396
camping,,Almost got set up complete. It’s going to be a great weekend!,5,False,AttitudeCool
camping,,"Beautiful night in Bonita Canyon, AZ",1,False,iamtypie
camping,,One of the best destination for an amazing trip,1,False,dream-ayadi
camping,"My friends and I were about to camp in Big Sur in early December but it has since been closed down due to the fires.  Can anyone suggest of any other places we can camp that isn’t closed?  Any suggestions would be appreciated.  I want to add that we have a 2 and a 5 year old, in case that matters.  Thank you in advance.",Looking for a place to camp,1,False,_jza
camping,,"This wonderful campfire and view during our camping trip in Dobrogea, Romania",1,False,tomis23
camping,,Afternoon view at my favourite fishing spot during monsoon season in Malaysia,1,False,bagero
camping,,Alabama Hills van camping,1,False,LakersRebuild
camping,"I've done lots of camping in my life, but haven't often camped in winter. We will be in the Rockies followed by the desert (lows of 15) and some snow. We are bringing our dogs (one is designed for winter, the other is not as much). We have a sleeping pad and a truck tent and a ground tent if we need. I have all the essentials basically (sleeping bags, clothes, coat for the dog etc). I know this isn't a group about gear, but I'm just wondering what little tips you all have for staying dry and warm!!",Tips on winter camping?,1,False,Any_Lemon
camping,,Trailer tent anyone?,1,False,TrailerTentPro
camping,What are your hacks for when you have to come out of your comfy tent and go pee in the cold?,Going Pee is Cold,1,False,spitz006
camping,"I want to try out some solo camping but I’m a complete newbie. I’ve car camped many times with family and friends. The last hardcore tent camping trip I completed was about 5 years ago with a small group. I am 25 y/o living in north Texas. 
My questions -
What are some tips for a first timer?
Is there any gear you find unnecessary?
What are the must haves?",Solo camping questions,1,False,Musical-Bean
camping,,Pokemon cards,1,False,den231620
camping,,Heading out for a much needed weekend of self care. I’ll update with more pictures later as I set up camp.,1,False,AttitudeCool
camping,I'm doing some winter camping and want to be prepared for nights getting close to 0deg.  I've got a sleeping pad with an R-value of 4 which is supposed to be good for about 10-12 deg or higher.   Does anyone have any tips to maybe boost the insulation on site?  Maybe insulation/leaves pine boughs under the tent?  I'm looking at one with an R-value of 6.5 but don't want the extra 2 lbs.,Sleeping pad question,1,False,ocean432
camping,,Ocean / Beachside Camping in Beautiful Central California,1,False,kunav
camping,"Hey everyone,  I'm a frequent camper and my buddy asked to go with me next weekend. He's never been camping before and I wanna make sure it's a fun experience for him. When I go camping I usually go alone and just explore and read and that's more than enjoyable for me,  but I was wondering what everyone else does when they camp.  I'm wanting show him the variety of things camping and the woods has to offer. If it matters we're going off grid, in a tent, for 3 day.  Thanks everyone! Happy camping!",Taking my friend on his 1st camping trip,1,False,memedaydream
camping,,"When a packing list for sleep away camp says “nightwear”, does that mean pajamas? Son never usually wears much to bed (apart from boxers) so does this mean I will have to buy him some pajamas?",1,False,Revolutionary_Gal7
camping,,"First time in years and first time with my own dog, she loves camping and the hammock.",1,False,jbranov
camping,,"First time camping in years, found out the pup loves to lay in the hammock.",1,False,jbranov
camping,,First trip camping with the girlfriend. Will sleep well tonight.,1,False,Firedemom
camping,,Chilling! Our boys love camping life #gsd,1,False,kata1811
camping,,First trip for doggo last month in southern WI... she’s unsure what to make of it,1,False,_rootuser
camping,,Two weekends ago in Yosemite Valley for my wife’s 40th birthday. First snow storm of the season.,2,False,lowbudgetfam
camping,"Anyone familiar with the area enough to recommend a nice free hot spring within a few hours of lone pine? Somewhere u can camp is ideal. Id love to get done and relax in one with some random party people.

Lemme know what you think! Thanks",Hiking whitney then hot springs?,1,False,FistMeOnLSD
camping,,"Camp site at Saitama, Nagatoro in Japan.",1,False,etoro0316
camping,,My 99 Tahoe 4x4 Solar Camper,1,False,HorizonOverland
camping,,Little snow camping in the Washington Cascades,4,False,Lazy_days23
camping,,It’s nice to be able to get away from the world once in a while,1,False,Eiland99
camping,"Ok, so i didn't really burn water.  First time using a titanium pot, a Toaks 450ml cup, on a rocket style stove using Coleman butane/propane fuel.  I filled the cup, put it on the stove, lit the stove and set it on low, and before it came to a full boil (maybe a light simmer, there were bubbles on the bottom) there was a brown spot inside the cup.  No discoloration on the outside at all.   Is this normal?  

https://preview.redd.it/hrt8dy1wka061.jpg?width=3024&amp;format=pjpg&amp;auto=webp&amp;s=e62c6d6ac91d69cb93c870cc4a95b2536bdce761",Did I burn water?,1,False,opossum_minister
camping,"I remember there was a camper that would fit into a trunk of a 2 or 4 door car after removing the cars trunk lid. About in the 60's
I'm looking for some pictures of this camper 
Thank you for help",Camper from about the 60's,1,False,skycomag
camping,,Did I burn water?,1,False,opossum_minister
camping,,"Batchawana Bay and take out fish dinner. Sitting by the water, relaxing and refueling before a hike.",1,False,Blue_Car_Road_Trip
camping,"Hi guys,

I am currently getting into hiking and I have googled my question but I can't find an answer. 

If I am in Victoria on a multiple day hike, can I camp anywhere during the hike? I am looking at a 3 day hike with my daughter and our dog, the first stop has a place to camp but the second does not. 

Can anyone offer guidance on this issue please.",Camping while hiking,1,False,Anikanje
camping,"So I’ve been wanting to put in a wood stove in one of my existing floored non-canvas tents. I’ve seen that there is some risk to using non-canvas tents with stoves, but it seems like many people are managing it just fine with some added precaution. Anyway, I’ve seen several videos of people installing the stove jacks on non-canvas tents, but I can’t for the life of me, figure out how they manage to make it waterproof using only the fabric types. I can see how the pipe flashing types can be waterproof, but it seems like a lot of people are just cutting holes and running the pipes through them. Is rain or water in general not a concern getting through the holes, because the stove will dry them out anyway? I figured in flourless tents, this would be a non-issue, but I wouldn’t want to wake up with a puddle in my floored tent.",Question about stove jacks in floored nylon/polyester tents,1,False,Ingratapatria
camping,Got an Indiegogo campaign going for a camping/survival kit - let me know if you are interested to take a look.,Hello Campers!! Hope all is well!!,1,False,InstinctReady
camping,,Our boy loves laying in the hammock 🐶⛺️,5,False,canadianreject
camping,,The latest episode in my bushcraft shelter build is out now on my YouTube Channel. It was destroyed so I had to rebuild yet again 😂 As an added bonus there are some tips on carving pegs and making feathersticks too! Give it a look and subscribe if you enjoy 😉,1,False,KoloKraft-Bushcraft
camping,"In a bit of a quandary. MANY pieces of property in Florida are either privately, corporately, or publicly owned. There's no *roaming* freedom one might experience in Finland. Because of this, should one decide to go camping on a whim, one is met with the challenge of finding designated campsites in state or local parks. In attempting to follow those regulations, one is then met with a 4-6 month, solidly-booked calendar. Is anyone in West-Central Florida familiar with a method of camping that is outside of the typical *book-your-reservation* park experience, but also not classified as trespassing? No colleagues or friends with property either unfortunately.",Florida Camping,2,False,msaluta86
camping,"I've done plenty of camping but never in cold weather.   I've got this idea that I'd love to go to my favorite trail and camp on a cold winter night.  Besides the obvious, are there any tips you could share from your experience?  I've got multiple layers, a 0 deg rated bag and a decent pad.    The spot I'm camping at is about 8 miles into a trail so there is no going back once i'm there for the night.",Winter camping tips,2,False,ocean432
camping,,Happy Camper,8,False,WindwaIk
camping,"Hi there,  I was about to pull the trigger on buying the [REI Co-op Screen House Shelter](https://www.rei.com/product/148052/rei-co-op-screen-house-shelter), but thought I would check in with this group to see if y'all have any other recommendations for something similar.  

 I'm going on a 3 month road trip across the country and camping in many spots.  I want something that is not too bulky packed up and provides some protection against bugs.",Canopy/Awning Suggestions,1,False,ay182
camping,,Northern New Mexico Sunset,5,False,McTribe03
camping,,Car Camping in a '71 VW Squareback! This was a few years ago but back in high school a few of my friends made a weekend trip to the Francis Marrion in SC. (TIP: if you let the rear-engine run for awhile you get a heated bed),4,False,Braeska
camping,,"Need help figuring out how to create a water proof ""bunk bed"" type situation for the bed of the truck for 2 people to sleep under our roof set up. - More info in comments",2,False,zealous_avocado
camping,[deleted],Car Camping!,1,False,[deleted]
camping,,“Started in a tent now we’re here”,10,False,PamWpg204
camping,,Camping with LOTS of Waterfalls,1,False,RandisAdventures
camping,"Next week I am going to be in the Chattahoochee area and I am looking for advice on good camping spots. We will be camping out of my truck and will have our dog with us. I know about the Georgia Traverse and was wondering if I should stick to that to find back country camping spots or if anyone has any recommendations. I will only be in the area for a couple of days and want to make it worth my time hiking and sight seeing. Ideally I would love to camp by a river but I am sure so does everyone else lol.

Edit: I also like to explore spooky things. I am interested in seeing Doll Head Trail or any old buildings / villages.",Camping in Chattahoochee,1,False,FrenchFryMonster06
camping,"Hi everyone, AZ native here. Looking for a portable propane heater I can use camping. AZ is on a fire restriction and can’t have any open flames so looking at alternative means of heat for the winter nights up in the white mountains",Portable heater,1,False,Wraithdelsol89
camping,"Wife and I are going to try and find a dispersed campsite in Manistee Forest here in Michigan during thanksgiving weekend. We are familiar with tent camping, but have never been dispersed camping. Only paid campsites. I have paid for the premium membership on the Gaia app, but am not entirely sure how to read it/where we can and can’t set up, especially with it being deer season right now. I definitely don’t want to accidentally park us in a state game area. Can somebody please help? We’d love to end up somewhere secluded, maybe next to a river if possible.","Dispersed Camping, Manistee National Forest",1,False,CapsidMusic
camping,,Minnamurra getaway.,1,False,AfifJackson05
camping,,"Two overnight camps together with my dog. The first time with his own backpack 🤩 We had a nice surprise along the way 😁 Norway, Jotunheimen and Dovrefjell. Full video: https://youtu.be/QcWSbaokyvM",1,False,FreeFlowFlo
camping,,Cat camping at Palmetto Island State Park in Louisiana :),1,False,burbanclo
camping,,Delaware Water Gap camping,1,False,Tahredccup
camping,,I bought a cast iron dutch oven. I will never go camping without it now. Pine Grove Furnace PA,1,False,rpersic1
camping,"So, I live in Brazil and I have plans to go camping with 6 other people for 6 days, and it's everyone's first time. I was put in charge of organizing the meals, however, we will not have any gas powered stovetops, which means we will have to make all of our breakfasts and dinners using only wood fire. Is this a viable option, and, is there anything very important to keep in mind when cooking for a crowd using only wood for 6 days?",First Time Camping,1,False,PsychologicalDrive62
camping,,"Cold camping: Devils lake state park, WI",4,False,ReeeSchmidtywerber
camping,,Daughters first time camping,7,False,OldManScoopy
camping,,Camp Firefly in Carriere Mississippi opening for the synchronous firefly experience this coming may #CampFirefly,1,False,TheDramaTube
camping,,"Go to your happy place. Risser's Beach, Nova Scotia, Canada.",7,False,TheHimmelMan
camping,,Doggo comes along purely to guard camp oven.,6,False,ljformel
camping,"Never been to Yosemite, don't know what to expect. First time my boyfriend and I are going camping so gear and what to bring suggestions would be greatly appreciated. If you have any must do's in Yosemite please let me know! We would love to get the most out of this trip. Thank you very much in advance :-)","Planning a Yosemite camping trip in May, please help.",2,False,RussianMafia00
camping,,"Weekend from Aus,Troopcarrier traveler.",16,False,MarkMayonnise
camping,,It was my first time camping. I went solo. I learned the basics from YouTube videos. It was SOOO MUCH FUN.,52,False,Ireallylovewatches
camping,,Cherokee nc camping adventure,13,False,sick6522
camping,,"Looking for shadaw in the hot days of summer, Wadi Abaythran, Thadiq, Saudi Arabia",26,False,HussamG
camping,,South West Coast Path in Cornwall England...600mile walk through backpacking during the summer.,21,False,crocsoncrocsoff
camping,,"Bob Fudge by Campfire Light - Pinedale, Wyoming",1,False,patrickfeeny
camping,,Blue Mountains Camping in Australia,3,False,1qkz
camping,,"Willow Beach Park outside Little Rock, Arkansas",16,False,morgdalaine
camping,,Why you should STOP buying camping gear,1,False,fizzlefuzz
camping,,Went tent camping this past weekend for the first time in years. We did experience some hard rain and our rain fly and tarp worked well. And yes that is a blow up mattress that is way tooooo small for the ⛺😂,22,False,Juggernautt888
camping,I’be never been camping before and was wondering if anyone knows of some good campgrounds near Tampa Florida. Preferably something with good fishing nearby. Thank you.,Good campgrounds near Tampa Florida,3,False,TheLazerMonkey
camping,,Sunset over El Mirage Dry Lake,5,False,HipcampHosts
camping,"Need anybody who can to weigh in!

Taking a 1-night backpacking trip to Guadalupe National Park and trying to decide between doing Guadalupe Peak and El Capitan Trail to Shumar Campground.


My husband and I are fairly new to backpacking, and a little out-of-shape when it comes to hiking. I shy away from steep elevation gains, typically, so I’m leaning toward El Capitan. 
However, we’ll be on a slight time-crunch on our way back out to be somewhere at 2pm and the shorter mileage of the Peak would benefit us on the second day. And we will be able to take our time up on the first day.


Can anybody weigh in on which to do?",Need advice for Guadalupe National Park,2,False,LeftyLucee
camping,,"2nd solo, @Redding in Arkansas",33,False,ladytri277
camping,,"Black Bear Wants Our Food - Upper Kintla, Montana",18,False,patrickfeeny
camping,,Liquid Creosote?,2,False,ambitiouslefty
camping,,why i love camping....,43,False,kon_ilyozovic
camping,,"Two overnight camps together with my dog. Charging the battery and let mother nature do the therapy. Norway, Jotunheimen and Dovrefjell.",1,False,FreeFlowFlo
camping,,Is it Ranger Camping Day? Here's Mine,156,False,RathAdventures
camping," If I want to have fuel for cooking and heating (only when necessary, but using a mr heater my buddy) for a week. What are your recommendations? Will be car camping so obviously weight is not an issue, but size is, to some degree.

Edit: car camping in a jeep Cherokee, for scale. The smaller Cherokee, not a grand Cherokee.",Refillable propane tanks and Coleman stoves while car camping. What size tank do you use and why?,2,False,Natty_Dread_Lite
camping,,"What’s camping without your best friends? Rasar State Park, WA",38,False,bcnchzbrgr
camping,[removed],Any advice,1,False,nymphatical
camping,,Miss being on the road all summer long. (Somewhere in Utah ❤️),34,False,snuddplugg
camping,,Camping girl with her dog.,0,False,kayok79661
camping,,"I can’t wait to go camping again [Mogollon Rim, AZ]",151,False,drunkbackpacker
camping,.just to make things more interesting.,There was thread on ask Reddit for scary/creepy camping experiences. We should do that type of threads/days on this sub.,0,False,thegreatvandal
camping,,Shoshone Lake Yellowstone,7,False,patrickfeeny
camping,,Titcomb Basin,34,False,patrickfeeny
camping,"So my family, small family but I just got married and had a baby this year, we go hiking each year on Thanksgiving and set up camp for the day and hangout by the fire and eat simple foods. We started with canned chili heated in the fire. We've tried to branch out in recent years. I've made cinnamon rolls stuffed in orange peel, wrapped in foil and tossed on the coals of the camp fire, we've brought tiny pies. We are making this year our fanciest yet with tinfoil packs of stuffing to toss on the fire, coffee can bread, Cornish hen on a rotisserie, sweet potatoes wrapped in foil, and hopefully some type of campfire green bean casserole. 

I'm hoping to hear from anyone who has any ideas on better/best ways to cook these things or any other traditional favorites!

Thanks!",Thanksgiving tradition!,7,False,sankintothec
camping,[deleted],Suggestions for a mattress topper/foam pad for car camping,1,False,[deleted]
camping,,ADKS summer 2016,16,False,Itchy-Insect-9531
camping,,Cooking Steaks and Fish on a Campfire is the best!,1,False,vengeanceasx
camping,,DIY ford ranger camper,56,False,weponizedhippie
camping,"Hello,

So, I just won a free bag from an insta giveaway, but since my parents think its a scam (as you have to enter credit card details for shipping and stuff) they wouldnt allow it. Be sure to order it soon, because the code expires soon. **Also, be sure to send the account (**[**https://www.instagram.com/mtnbike\_world/**](https://www.instagram.com/mtnbike_world/)**)  the photo of the purchase on insta.**

Here is the website:

[https://broadoutdoors.com/](https://broadoutdoors.com/)

Here is the code:

ASSAULT

Here is the giveaway:

[https://www.instagram.com/p/CHV6-43pWLe/](https://www.instagram.com/p/CHV6-43pWLe/)

Proof:

[https://imgur.com/vrgzRoL](https://imgur.com/vrgzRoL)

[https://imgur.com/a/J0BMAkb](https://imgur.com/a/J0BMAkb)

[https://imgur.com/a/hnYAtb2](https://imgur.com/a/hnYAtb2)",Won a free bag,0,False,InterestingBuy4233
camping,[removed],FREE StrikePen LIMITED TIME,1,False,rudiii123
camping,,Another Ranger Camping Setup,1,False,RathAdventures
camping,[removed],FREE StrikePen,1,False,rudiii123
camping,,Hopping over beaver dams along the Petawawa River in Algonquin Park.,33,False,Jasonatcamp
camping,,My Ford Ranger camping setup. Support posts lift out and everything folds up nicely. You can even make windows to allow breeze.,280,False,rayedawg33
camping,"I stepped out of my tent into the early morning light and looked out over the smooth waters of the St Lawrence River. A few birds are in sight, and they sometimes dive to the river to grab something that only they can see. Off in the distance is a large bird, I think it may be an eagle, but it too far away, and I am not an expert to be sure. Still, it is hypnotizing to watch. A few ducks complete the river scene. I am a night owl normally, but I will admit there is something special about getting up early when you are camping. Welcome to Wellesley Island State Park. [Trip report and more photos](https://www.scubadivingnomad.com/wellesley-island-state-park-camping)

&amp;#x200B;

[The Boat Launch Loop \\""A\\""](https://preview.redd.it/k1dcmzyw00061.jpg?width=1536&amp;format=pjpg&amp;auto=webp&amp;s=0479198a1e2e925a53c233c6c1f28557bd430165)

&amp;#x200B;

[Site A22, next to the boat launch](https://preview.redd.it/mbn06g2520061.jpg?width=1536&amp;format=pjpg&amp;auto=webp&amp;s=b3a661238a5576e46537b15735451bcc714333f9)",Wellesley Island State Park NY,2,False,Scuba-Diving-Nomad
camping,"I am looking for shoe which it is Columbia Newton Ridge Plus ll from amazonBy the way. I saw many comment and they also fact that the shoe is very bad and not a waterproof. is that truth?

Should I try it for Camping/Hiking?

&amp;#x200B;

[https://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B08MLD83NN?pf\_rd\_r=9M5W547437QHGSY4E8QN&amp;pf\_rd\_p=6fc81c8c-2a38-41c6-a68a-f78c79e7253f](https://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B08MLD83NN?pf_rd_r=9M5W547437QHGSY4E8QN&amp;pf_rd_p=6fc81c8c-2a38-41c6-a68a-f78c79e7253f)",did any one buy Columbia Newton Ridge Plus ll from amazon? how is the qty?,2,False,qasxdecd
camping,,"Pollet's Cove, Cape Breton Island, Nova Scotia, Canada.",72,False,TheHimmelMan
camping,"Been getting that issue where halfway through the night the condensation in the down bag builds up and starts to get cold. As I understand it if I layer a synthetic bag over that it will soak up the condensation and not lose it's loft like down, and add warmth. Anybody tried that?",Pairing down bag w/ synthetic over bag?,1,False,localhelic0pter7
camping,"Hi guys! I have a question- has anyone ever used a propane fire ring? Does it do a good job of keeping you warm at night? Wanting to camp this weekend but they aren’t allowing fires within the camp rings but said they’re allowing propane fire rings...but I’ve never used one so wanted to hear thoughts and experiences!

Thanks a bunch!",Propane fire ring,0,False,cremedelatrem
camping,,"White Mountains, NH",32,False,Xmasmountaindog
camping,"I'm struggling with a sleeping bag being way less warm than advertised, maybe I am doing something wrong? Been doing a foam accordion pad under a thermarest x therm, is it warmer if you put the foam on top?",Foam pad on top or below air mattress for snow camping?,1,False,localhelic0pter7
camping,,First time at Trona Pinnacles. Won’t be the last.,117,False,hamster_ball
camping,"I’m looking to go camping somewhere within 2 hours of Richmond, VA this month and am unsure of what are some good spots. Looking for somewhere quiet and secluded with hiking and scenic vistas nearby. Any and all suggestions are greatly appreciated!",Fall Camping near Richmond VA,1,False,condogdaddy69
camping,,Camping near Charleston SC with our pup. Not a bad way to wake up!,595,False,sunshineandsmiles91
camping,,"Alvord Desert, Oregon 2020.",60,False,TheIvoryKitten
camping,,Fain lake prescott az,1,False,vanlife_1
camping,"Hello friends, 

I am looking at getting into camping and backpacking. So far my partner and I have used small tents, but I’ve been told that once you use a hammock, you’ll never go back. 

... but I’m a man who enjoys a nice cuddle after a long hike. Do they make 2 person hammocks that are comfortable? And what exactly should I be looking for? 

Thanks in advance.",2 person hammock?,1,False,Dog_Jones
camping,[deleted],Нашел место для отдыха),1,False,[deleted]
camping,[removed],A scary movie idea,0,False,Leffinaire
camping,,Camping in north Italy - Cansiglio 🏕️,34,False,gracielynn268
camping,,Solo glamping in West Texas ✨,198,False,BlueEveee
camping,"Does anyone know grassy camping areas in Southern California? I'm picturing a meadow, or at least somewhere that I'm not setting up my tent on dirt. 

To be clear, I love all sorts of camping, and I have no problem with dirt. Just looking for a change of landscape.

Ideally car camping, but 4x4 access and backpacking destinations are also welcome. 

Thanks!",Grassy camping in Southern California,3,False,93taco
camping,[removed],"1 days solo bushcraft, camping in the woods, wood stove, canvas tent | C...",1,False,thanhanvu1996
camping,"Hello fellow campers, 

I have taken up car camping as a new hobby, and as a means to be socially distant. My partner and I will be taking our SUV and a ground tent on this trip.

We are planning to go to several Texas parks and I am worried about the ""cold"" nights. The lows at night will be in the low 30's and we are both concerned with being unprepared for this as we are both originally from tropical and sub-tropical regions on this great planet.

We will have access to an RV Hookup at each state park. Are standard 120V plugs available on these, or would I need some type of adapter? Any other advice? I was thinking about an electric blanket, using an extension cord, just in case.

We will be inflating an air mattress and laying it on the tent floor, which will be on the bare ground or concrete. I am worried about cold from underneath. Is placing a closed-cell foam pad underneath the mattress a must?

I do have some nicer cold weather items, such as my Massdrop Pine Down blanket that I am taking.

Any other tips besides layering? Or should we stick to just sleeping in the car with a window cracked?

I appreciate any advice. Thanks!","First Time Car Camping in ""cold"" weather. Tips?",2,False,cr0n1c
camping,"Looks like I'm not the only one with NorCal camping questions! 

Thanks in advance for helping a n00b. 

I've been trying to plan a somewhat last-minute one-man camping run and I'm finding that, at least on [recreation.gov](https://recreation.gov), I'm really struggling to figure out how/when campsites are open year round. I absolutely do NOT want to do disbursed camping. I am heading down to the Modoc National Forest/Lava Beds NM/Lassen NVM and then back up the Cascades for an extra long weekend before the upcoming holiday and while it seems pretty cut and dry as to what sorts of services/campgrounds are available and what aren't in the national parks, [recreation.gov](https://recreation.gov) and the other resources I've been able to find regarding the developed campgrounds in the area seem unclear (at least to me) about what is useable and what isn't. Specifically, I'm trying to figure out if we're permitted to camp (I'll be doing car camping) in the developed sites around Medicine Lake (like the AH Hogue and Medicine Lake campgrounds), Crater Lake/Three Sisters and possible near Mt. Hood (like at or near Timothy or Frog Lake) during the winter - it seems like it's permitted but the way it's presented online isn't really clear. I'm very, very familiar with this area and terrain and thus am prepared to deal with the weather, isolation, lack of cell reception, supply situation, etc. which is why I don't really want to actually leave it to chance - I am not overly comfortable with settling into a relatively remote campsite only to be woken up or something unexpectedly and asked to leave, and with the weather this weekend I'm being more meticulous about the actual logistics of this trip. Especially when it comes to some of the areas that are National Forest land up near Three Sisters and Mt. Hood, it seems really difficult to tell. They don't let you book reservations during this season, but the actual verbiage is ambiguous. 

Thanks for any feedback you might have about how to figure this out.",Winter Camping Logistics,1,False,MasterEridax
camping,"&amp;#x200B;

https://preview.redd.it/wbwesz8xevz51.jpg?width=3276&amp;format=pjpg&amp;auto=webp&amp;s=1586b57a8604a7ad8c5a2d67dd4c98a9279a1832",The best thing about camping are all the stars at night ig:@4xploration,5,False,4xploration
camping,"&amp;#x200B;

https://preview.redd.it/9u7y8w3zcvz51.jpg?width=3456&amp;format=pjpg&amp;auto=webp&amp;s=e807c84061a81ccd02c82605fb8ea9225c26c942",Rescue Pup Does Three Days In Algonquin,7,False,JuneandTonic
camping,,Whats this metal plate for on my portable gas stove,6,False,BORDEMx
camping,,2021 STX Eila Edition One | Largest motorhome across Europe,1,False,SuperCarChanelBG
camping,,Lake Castaic,0,False,h8m8ker
camping,,Algonquin Park Ontario. Solo trip in September. 4 days of kayak fishing while camping on an island with a single campsite. I didn't see a single person the whole duration. Can't wait to go back!,57,False,SGT-R0CK
camping,,Thinking of the summer in AK,30,False,germxxxxxxxxxx
camping,,"Camping trip to Chimney Top/Dolly Sods, WV",1,False,ZombieHatred
camping,,Sunset in the Alvord desert playa in south earthen Oregon,9,False,Bloominghell7
camping,,Rockfish Gap- A spooky podcast based in Shenandoah featured by REI,0,False,SnooDogs444
camping,,"Can anybody tell where this is, or somewhere just like it... I would be in heaven to camp somewhere like this.💙 I'm assuming maybe Colorado?",13,False,YouOtterKnow1
camping,,A couple of moose over the last season. Always gets my heart pumping when I get to see one of these beauties,68,False,Jasonatcamp
camping,,"The Moon Lake trek - Camping in Inclement Weather, snowfall, rain and freezing wind followed by sunlight, all in a span of an hour.",1,False,Persie__7
camping,,"Paddling away from my problems - Stanley Lake, Sawtooth National Forest, ID",33,False,Schmalycia
camping,,Coffee in bed with a view. Doesn’t get much better than this. ☕️🦖,1588,False,msmeagan26
camping,,Best Solar Generator For CPAP Reviews In 2021 - Top 10 - Pickboon,1,False,paulwoodwards
camping,I recently purchased a marmot limelight 3p. I've been trying to find the marmot gear loft for it but it seems to be discontinued by the manufacturer and sold out everywhere. Does anyone know where I can find a compatible gear loft that will work with this tent?,Anyone know of a compatible gear loft for the marmot limelight 3p?,3,False,this_is_not_the_cia
camping,,Fall really does make for special camping moments.,137,False,whiteduck_outdoors
camping,,"Caught a decent sunset at Stone Mountain State Park in Roaring Gap, NC this weekend",10,False,bigwinterblowout
camping,,Quick trip to Shenandoah National Park back in early October,34,False,BigBlue_RTR19
camping,,"Went camping around the Green mountain, eastern Libya",450,False,Lordfordhero
camping,"Girlfriend and I are going camping for the first time this weekend. We are taking a cast iron oven with us to cook with. 

Was wondering if anyone has any suggestions as to what's good to cook in one. Preferably without dairy.",Easy Food To Cook In Camp Oven.,1,False,Firedemom
camping,"I'm new to the concept of dispersed camping. It was only recently that I learned that you can camp off the side of a forest road in a national forest. However I cant find much information for the winter months. In general do people still do dispersed camping in the winter? Are forest roads still accessible? How would one go about planning a trip? My concern is I drive all the way out to say tahoe, try to take a forest road and realize it's snowed over.",Need help plan a dispersed Winter/Snow camping in norcal,3,False,SpicyChickenDinner
camping,[deleted],"For small businesses just getting started, retail versus wholesale can feel like a make it or break it decision. Find out the challenges you might face when selling in the wholesale industry",1,False,[deleted]
camping,I want to hear some of y’all’s accidents when camping.. i’m sure there are some great stories.,let’s hear some stupid campfire accidents,3,False,alijahromeroj
camping,,"Take me back. 📍Jasper, AB",28,False,susiemaeve
camping,,A lil middle of nowhere for our 12 year anniversary,40,False,ferguson4807
camping,,That water is something else. 📍Lake Louise,196,False,susiemaeve
camping,,Serendipitously... yet perfectly timed photo!,67,False,susiemaeve
camping,,"Canada, you are something else. 📍Jasper, AB",112,False,susiemaeve
camping,,Dinosaur Provincial Park. Would love to cross that bridge again...,24,False,susiemaeve
camping,,"Grayson Highlands State Park, VA",29,False,Todd-Todd-Todd
camping,"Hi guys, I'm going for a couple month-long motorbike trip up along Australia's east coast for summer, and I'll be wild camping along the way. I've done this before and I usually find myself choosing between different corners of field as far from the property's main house as possible. 

I'm just wondering, what are the consequences for going onto land that is not fenced and has no visible signs prohibiting trespass? What about in cases where there *are* signs? I'm not talking about doing any damage of any sort: no campfire or anything, just putting down a tarp and tent. Thanks",Laws on trespass in Australia,1,False,mmsdfm
camping,,Fun underrated things to take camping?,6,False,iTuckex
camping,,Impulsive camping trip last weekend in Tx!,7,False,cmartin13
camping,"I’ve seen you guys rave about car top tents on here. I’m replacing my jeep with a ford ranger, and as soon as I saw the large bed of the truck i immediately thought “truck tent!!!” any suggestions on good ones? I’m not even sure where i would look for one. Thanks!",Suggestions on car tents for a Ford Ranger?,1,False,royalartwear
camping,ey folks! I’ve recently started a new podcast centred around getting new anglers and hunters into the passion. It’s called The Starting Hunting Podcast (available on all major platforms). On one of my recent episodes (episode 7) I sit down my good friend to talk about his recent trip to Algonquin Provincial Park chasing brooke trout. I also cover many other types of of fishing as well as hunting in other episodes. Give it a listen!,New fishing and hunting podcast,5,False,Starting-to-hunt
camping,,Best place to have lunch,22,False,WillyMyWonka945
camping,,"Goose lake, wa.",12,False,jberlin007
camping,,SBOBET | AGEN SBOBET LOGIN MOBILE ONLINE INDONESIA RESMI | Sbobet,1,False,samuellaatchis
camping,,I have seen this cat 3 times in the past week. Is it my pet now? Cats dont do that.,4,False,weponizedhippie
camping,"I'm going to go hunting for the week but I only have a tent. I don't know how to keep it comfortably warm in freezing temperatures (not including wind chill). 

Right now I figured I'll light a fire where I want my tent, warm up the rocks it's going to be on, then after the fire completely dies, put some hay down between the rocks and the tent, then between they hay, a thick blanket. Then have the tent on top of that.

For the tent itself I'm thinking of putting a blanket over top of it and having one inside on the floor. Over top of the tent and blanket, a tarp to hold the blanket down and to add a little more insulation. 

I 5gal jug of hot water wrapped in foil and a blanket is reserve heat and to heat up the whole tent.

For sleeping I figure a sleeping bag wrapped in a blanket and a blanket on the inside is my best bet.

Note: both my sleeping bag and tent are pretty cheap and not made for supper cold weather. I'm also thinking of some half warmers incase of emergency but I'm looking for a cheap option. I'm going tomorrow and didn't think of asking y'all until just now.

Note 2: I don't have a budget. I have alot of everything I said about accept for the hand warmers, I have 4.",How can I keep my tent warm,1,False,redneks_n_shine
camping,"I'm going to go hunting for the week but I only have a tent. I don't know how to keep it comfortably warm in freezing temperatures (not including wind chill). 

Right now I figured I'll light a fire where I want my tent, warm up the rocks it's going to be on, then after the fire completely dies, put some hay down between the rocks and the tent, then between they hay, a thick blanket. Then have the tent on top of that.

For the tent itself I'm thinking of putting a blanket over top of it and having one inside on the floor. Over top of the tent and blanket, a tarp to hold the blanket down and to add a little more insulation. 

I 5gal jug of hot water wrapped in foil and a blanket is reserve heat and to heat up the whole tent.

For sleeping I figure a sleeping bag wrapped in a blanket and a blanket on the inside is my best bet.

Note: both my sleeping bag and tent are pretty cheap and not made for supper cold weather. I'm also thinking of some half warmers incase of emergency but I'm looking for a cheap option. I'm going tomorrow and didn't think of asking y'all until just now.

Note 2: I don't have a budget. I have alot of everything I said about accept for the hand warmers, I have 4.",How can I keep my tent warm,1,False,redneks_n_shine
camping,,Caddo Lake State Park &amp; National Wildlife Refuge,15,False,lloydTJ
camping,,Backcountry camping solo near Key West,41,False,843OG
camping,,"So it was my first time camping with my family and I start to get anxiety at night just from the small noises, the dark and when I’m in a sleeping bag I feel trapped I need to move my arms and legs. How do you deal with the anxiety?",1,False,Friendly-Gamer-6346
camping,,"Smokestack's 1st use with new winter tent near Hicks and Duncan Canyon. West Clear Creek Wilderness, AZ. Was in the high 20's outside at night, comfy inside.",12,False,tomorrowisntpromised
camping,[deleted],Summer Campsite From Above - Near West Yellowstone MT.,1,False,[deleted]
camping,"Hello. My name is Tydon. I've got an idea in my head I'd like to follow through on. For the past 9 years I've been on and off homeless. And I've acquired some knowledge, tips of the trade, and dreams. However, I've also acquired a 50# backpack at this point. I have an extra vertibre that is misformed and the weight isn't really a problem except in that one spot, so I've come up with a plan. An electric motorized mountain bike, with a trailer, that folds into a size that holds my tent. It would have a solar panel mounted on top, with a battery to hold the charge. Basically, I got the blueprints worked out, the price range, all that, but I can't figure out the legality. It would be a damn bummer if I finally get it all together, and find out it's illegal to camp in. I'm wondering if anybody has any information of use here. Can I pitch a tent, and camp on a momentarily stationary bike trailer legally? I most likely wouldn't stick to a spot for several days. Or would I likely be fine otherwise if it isn't legal? Tips? It would be amazing to be able to bike wherever I feel, on the power of the sun, and not have to worry. So any states legal guidelines will be useful. Looking it all up online is stressful on me, and I can't even find anything for my state of wisconsin on this. Is it just a shade of grey? And would that make it okay? I mean, I'm not hurting anyone, I'm just trying to be free, healthy, and happy. Thank you in advance for the help, and advice.",Camping on a bike trailer questions.,1,False,Downside_Upsies
camping,,Just above a hot spring in CO,23,False,damniel410
camping,,"Traversing the terrain in Maine. The area just outside Bass Harbor, on Mount Desert and near the Acadia National Park.",14,False,OCD_CDO_YEP
camping,,"Warsaw, MO",51,False,redditguy54321
camping,"I’ve a friend about to embark on a two year trip around Australia in her caravan with her husband and 10 year old son.
Would love some ideas on what to give her to help her trip!
She is a professional photographer and journal writer so has that stuff covered
Thankyou!",Help needed for gift please!,2,False,chickenlipsdribble
camping,,Codepak Campers. Does this count as camping? I always thought camping was in tents?,111,False,justingunit
camping,,"Camping in Cascade, ID (super pretty but beware the cyanobacteria in the lake right now)",19,False,Schmalycia
camping,Has anybody recently camped Clarkco in Mississippi?,Clarkco State Park,2,False,MilPeaches
camping,,Unedited picture I took of Grasslands National park,2437,False,Caesars-Dog
camping,,"Camping with a night like this is worth everything, this time I brought my tent but I didn't sleep in it. It has happened to you that you take all your equipment for a comfortable night but nature invades you that you forget all your equipment? Location: San Felix Paramo in Colombia",15,False,VeroAC
camping,,Just steps away from the tent this past weekend,179,False,notalivemau5
camping,"Paddling the big ditch this winter, launching January 22 and gunning for an 18 day trip. I haven’t gone winter backcountry camping in a bit... last time I did I just used my bivvy sack and it was fine, but I suspect I might appreciate the roominess and privacy of a tent on this trip. Trouble is, my tent is more summer oriented with some mesh panels. I hopped on REI.com to look at “four season” tents and holy sticker shock Batman, $450 for their cheapest two-man tent? There’s got to be a cheaper way. 

I’m thinking eBay is my best option here, but how do I effectively search fir a tent on eBay when there are so many models out there to compare?",Can you recommend an affordable tent for a winter Grand Canyon trip?,1,False,NotRoryWilliams
camping," 

\- Nettle soup.

Put nettle leaves for 3 minutes into the boiling water. Fry green onions and flour.

Mix with nettles, fry a little all together and pour hot water. Boil for 30 minutes. Add the rice, salt and cook for 15 min. In the ready soup add the crumbled boiled egg.

\- Sorrel green soup.

Wash sorrel, put into a pot, pour hot water and hang over a fire. After boiling water drain, and squeeze sorrel and finely slice. Fry onion, add flour and fry for 2 minutes, then combine with meat broth, add spices and cook for 10 minutes.

Place sorrel and salt and cook for 10 min.

\- Mushroom soup

Cut and fry the mushrooms, add onions. When it becomes soft, put flour, sliced tomatoes and fry.

Then pour hot water or mushroom broth, add the rice and cook until it is completely ready.

\- Potato soup with meat.

Boil the meat broth. Cut the onions, fry them. Put potatoes together with onions into the broth, add salt, bay leaf, pepper and cook for 30 minutes.",Easy Meals for a camping,0,False,Icy_Kaleidoscope3808
camping,[deleted],The best way to wake up...outside.,2,False,[deleted]
camping,"Hey all. I want to go on my first civilian winter backpacking trip.  I'm near Sacramento and plan to head towards Placerville. Does anyone have any suggestions. 

Forgive me if this isn't the correct subreddit, this is my first Reddit post.",Location Advice Northern California,1,False,bigrenMG
camping,[deleted],"A reminder to appreciate beautiful weather: this weekend we enjoyed this year's last ray of sunlight. Lindovara, Norway",8,False,[deleted]
camping,,When you’re not allowed to tent camp in glacier 🤷🏻‍♀️,951,False,Dirt_on_my_shoes
camping,"Last month my husband and I went to Stanley, Idaho two weekends in a row, because we loved it so much. The views are amazing, and the camp hosts were super friendly. We took our van, but one of the weekends we met up with one of my husbands coworkers who were just tent camping.

&amp;#x200B;

[Redfish Lake in Stanley Idaho that is less than a mile from Glacier View Campground](https://preview.redd.it/j22n5du6xmz51.jpg?width=1098&amp;format=pjpg&amp;auto=webp&amp;s=238042273c45e5d40205c428fb90fd8ebfca02e6)

You can check the blog post with a full review on Glacier View Campground if you want. Cheers!

[https://wecampervan.com/home/quick-guide-to-glacier-view-campground/](https://wecampervan.com/home/quick-guide-to-glacier-view-campground/)",Glacier View Campground,7,False,Schmalycia
camping,,Awesome time camping in the Green Swamp of Florida,70,False,ckostel
camping,Trying to convince my partner to join me for the weekend but it's a tough sell being that she is with child. I understand and don't want to push her. Just want to know if there are women who do go camping while pregnant and what their tips/tricks are.,Anyone have tips for camping during pregnancy??,1,False,whatifgodwasoneofuss
camping,,North Louisiana has some gems.,30,False,Karma_Kazi_337
camping,"Hi there! So quick backstory:

I used to camp a decent amount with Cub Scouts when I was young, but never really went much again other than the odd summer trip with friends in my teenage years. Over the last few seasons I've been getting more into car camping and backpacking, and I'm ready to upgrade to a quality sleeping bag.

I had plans to do this earlier in the year, but a car accident put my summer hiking plans on hold. Now that I'm up for backpacking again I'm looking to get out this winter.

I'd be using the bag for year-round backpacking and car camping (I sleep on the backseat of my truck).

My question is, do I need a super cold rated bag, or could I use lighter bag with a liner?

I'm looking at the Marmot Trestles Eco Lite 20 or 0, with a Sea to Summit Thermolite Reactor Extreme liner.

https://www.rei.com/product/144180/marmot-trestles-elite-eco-20-sleeping-bag-mens

https://www.rei.com/product/144321/marmot-trestles-elite-eco-0-sleeping-bag

https://www.rei.com/product/797114/sea-to-summit-thermolite-reactor-extreme-sleeping-bag-liner

My idea is I could use the bag and liner in winter, just the bag in spring/fall, and just the liner in the summer. I live in Ontario, Canada, so we go anywhere from 20 F down to 0 F or colder during the winter, depending on where you are.

Also, I bought a Hennessey Jungle Expedition Zip Hammock to use with the heat reflecting double bubble pad. Unfortunately I haven't had a chance to use it yet.

I'm concerned about size as well, but its only about 2"" difference in stuff sack size. I have a 75 L pack. For $20 extra I'm leaning towards the 0 rating, but don't want it to be overkill. I tend to be a cold person, too.

Thank you for listening and for any feedback!",Newish camper looking fo some sleeping bag advice!,2,False,YoureDanRight
camping,,"Nostalgia Camping, Cougar Creek, Vancouver Island September 1989",69,False,3andahalfinchfloppy
camping,,Nice fall camping trip along the SC/NC border,40,False,bruinsjb99
camping,,Would you drink this lol,5,False,AdventuresWSpackmann
camping,,Picture from way back. Maybe 10 years ago. First time I ever slept under a tarp. No tent for 3 days.,11,False,Jasonatcamp
camping,,"Another photo from my last backcountry trip - calm morning paddles right by our campsite. Taken in Algonquin Park, Ontario, Canada.",1653,False,mikenmarkov
camping,,Flute बाँसुरी Music | Meditation Music | Yoga Music | Zen Music | Sleep ...,1,False,Due-Medium2273
camping,"I followed the advice I saw on multiple threads in here and bought myself a Nalgene bottle. It’s 1.5l (or 48oz for the US readers) and the bottom has gone from concave to convex. I’m not sure when/how it happened, but now my bottle falls over. Anyone else experienced this? Is there anyway to fix it?",Problem with Nalgene bottle,2,False,Mannyboy87
camping,,"Video of a hiking trip of me and my 4 friends in Fall in Eastern-Finland. This is an artistic amateur hiking video, where we hiked 25 miles in 2 days. Feel free to watch it and tell if you have been camping yourself this Fall?",1,False,Peesukarhuu
camping,,Cozy in Utah,528,False,jstang909
camping,,Australian Bush (Nelson Vic),80,False,masivebushchook
camping,,Kooser State Park | Pennsylvania | October 24,29,False,silkjoy
camping,[deleted],How does a Columbia outdry shell (or lightweight) compare to a gore tex shell (2 - 3l)?,3,False,[deleted]
camping,does anybody know of any AA or AAA battery powered personal heaters under $75?,battery powered heaters for car camping,1,False,ferrousfan81069
camping,,View of the Pacaya Volcano in Guatemala erupting 11/15/2020. Photo credit to David Rojas,62,False,Yellab89
camping,,So whats your favourite camp brekky. Ours is the Bacons egg pancakes jaffle.,12,False,thedunskii
camping,,Codepak Campers.,1,False,justingunit
camping,,A quick review on the warmest blanket for you,1,False,Defiel1
camping,"So googling ""bear calendar"" gave me amazing calendars full of grizzly hairy men. I'm buying those too but I didn't have my question answered. 

What is the year like for a bear in the US? When are they active, when is it ""safer"" and when should I avoid the outdoors altogether. 

Assuming I take all of the precautions (no deodorant, no cooking at the camp, hanging up food on a tree, not being an idiot in bear country) is camping between August and November safer or more dangerous than the summer?

Any help is greatly appreciated. I'm planning a solo camping road trip for next year and I'm preparing now.",When are bears most active?,102,False,Msaeachubaets2
camping,,The air was crisp,232,False,booneswaaa
camping,,"Lacoste Velvet/Brushed Twill 18x18 Throw Pillow, Pewter/Paloma",1,False,Cold-Barnacle-1298
camping,"Can anyone suggest a cheap and portable way to get a 10'X10' tent about a foot off the ground?  Looked at car-top tents, and they're WAYYY out of our price range.  TIA.",Ideas for DIY or cheap tent platform?,3,False,Teedyuscung
camping,,Who said camping szn is over?,1460,False,matzahball420
camping,,First fire with the new setup. 36” WainRoy excavator bucket. I credit the idea to u/mazzack and u/glassmazza,178,False,FvanSnowchaser
camping,,"Big Bend Ranch State Park, Pila Montoya 1",23,False,lloydTJ
camping,"My stepmom LOVES camping but I’m not really the camping type. I want to get her something she’ll enjoy for Christmas but I get overwhelmed trying to look at what’s out there already. 

Are there any recommendations that would be great gifts for an amateur/intermediate camper? She used to camp a lot, but now she has two kids (6 and 8) with my dad and id love to get them something that makes the trip easier on them but fun - I have no idea where to start..

Oh! She’s also a nutritionist, so she loves food (her most recent purchase was a Dutch oven she loves). 

TLDR: what’s something you’ve used while camping that you think others definitely should get too",Gift Ideas for Christmas?,5,False,Juleshmooles
camping,Title (sorry if this is the wrong sub),Can you enter Yosemite if you are under 18?,1,False,Ok-Dot-6543
camping,,Family of deer passing through!,9,False,bingoisthebest
camping,,"First time dispersed camping. I think we did pretty good. Joshua Tree, CA Big Pines Trail.",10,False,valleypopla
camping,,Stayed here after plans got derailed. Bert T Combs Mountain Parkway near RRG.,3,False,max_wage
camping,,"Loch Katrine - North Canterbury, New Zealand",59,False,Exclam8or
camping,[deleted],Breakfast in December,1,False,[deleted]
camping,,🔥🔥🔥Hot tent camping 🔥🔥🔥,172,False,gammonjoshua
camping,,BackCountry Fishing at Camp in the Muskokas [Link in Comments],3,False,VentureCreek
camping,"Things like jiffy pops, iPods and speakers for music, anything that can make a night around a campfire even better.",What are some good things to bring camping for leisure?,2,False,jimmybungalo2
camping,I am trying to find out if anyone makes a portable telescoping floor lamp and thought maybe this would be a good place to ask since campers usually try to travel light. I would like to be able to set it up in a hotel room next to the bed so my wife can read on her side of the bed. Any ideas?,Portable Telescoping Floor Lamp?,2,False,1962Throwaway1962
camping,,Sunrise at Gunlock Reservoir,11,False,baronb0d0t
camping,,"The hut was full so we braved the snow on the summit of Tin Hat, Sunshine Coast Trail, BC, Canada",53,False,stoked_camper
camping,,Vuelta 4x4 por el Alto Tajo Spain,1,False,Nicotrial1
camping,,Outdoor Cooking - Steak on the Lake (Link In Comments),4,False,VentureCreek
camping,"Hi all,

I’ll be honest, I just really want to camp, but I don’t have any experience. I’ve been looking for dispersed camping areas in central/northern California, but I’m not sure what is allowed/open during this time of year. All I know is I want to find a secluded lake to camp by for a few days between now and the end of the year.

Does dispersed camping follow Open/Closed seasons like regular camping? Any help is appreciated.","Camping newbie here from CA. I think I want to do some dispersed camping, but I am not sure where to go.",5,False,LifeDirector
camping,,Getting close!!!,15,False,RagingBear66
camping,[removed],In Conversation: Goldie Hawn and Kurt Russell,1,False,Wise-Measurement-396
camping,"Hi campers. My gf and I will be heading west from the Dallas area for about a week in mid December. It's going to be COLD obviously and I'm going to be relying on dispersed camping I assume (still planning the route and destinations). I do not LOVE the idea of hauling a week's worth of fire wood for when/if I am able to use it for a fire in the cold desert nights. I'm not opposed to a propane fire option or even one of those portable round wood fire things; and I've never dispersed camped on public land before.
To those with experience in this region, what are your favourite options for campfires? Do you find bringing wood for a pit is the best option or should I rely on a portable option with either wood or propane?",Advice on Four Corners region campfire options,2,False,rovert_xih
camping,,Beautiful weather at the top of Mt Diablo while the city below is covered in rain and mist,13,False,flying_cactus
camping,,Mt Rainier Snow Lake,23,False,tacitlyhollow
camping,,Snow day at the dome,3860,False,monstermash12
camping,,"Wadi Abaythran, Thadiq, Saudi Arabia",1008,False,HussamG
camping,"I enjoy the tent setup, cooking, and the exploring. What else would be interesting?",Any advice for someone who wants to start a camping related YouTube channel? What sorts of camping videos do you like to watch?,0,False,MeSlySwine
camping,[deleted],"Arnous Village,Lebanon.",2,False,[deleted]
camping,[deleted],"Arnous Village,Lebanon.",1,False,[deleted]
camping,[deleted],"Arnous Village,Lebanon.",1,False,[deleted]
camping,,"Arnous Village,Lebanon.",61,False,ihady
camping,,"Die Frage aller Fragen. Weihnachtsgeschenke oder Geburtstagsgeschenke für einen Camper? Die allermeisten der Inspirationen und Geschenke sind nicht nur für Camper, aber passen für Camper fast immer. #Camperlove #Camping #EchteGeschenke #Erwachsene #Geburtstag #Gemütlichkeit #Geschenk #Gourmets",1,False,camperhelp
camping,,Fordsdale Farmstay,1,False,4_Wheels_On_The_Road
camping,,Our Rocket Furnace,1,False,ProbablySomeWeebo
camping,"Hey all. Planning a last-minute tent camping trip to Sedona for this Wed - Fri. Just moved to Phoenix a couple months ago and don't know anything about Sedona. Any recommendations for a campsite? I think shower, bathroom, and trash bins are required, so I'm going to stay away from dispersed for now until I can work up to it. Please let me know where I should start. Thank you!",Recommendations for designated campsites in Sedona for this week?,1,False,iscreamforicecream90
camping,,Watching the Turon River rise.,1,False,Reptilian-Moses
camping,"Hi everyone.  Ive done a trip or two to a rustic cabin in New Hampshire at one of the state parks, and I must say, I love it.  No running water, no heat, but this one had electricity, so I was able to run a small space heater.  I LOVE the cabin setup for cold / winter weather (during the spring/summer/fall, I'll use my tent and car-camp or go hit the huts in AMC).  These have been my first cabin camps.

I'm hooked.

I'm looking for a rental cabin in the northeast (New hampshire would be best) - what would be perfect is something off grid (no power, I can do my own), but with a fireplace or wood stove.  If that doesn't exist, I can bring a propane heater for a couple days.

I've been scouring the camping sites in reserveamerica, reserveasite, etc - and nothing seems to be popping up (or their search engines suck).

Any suggestions of where to look?  All I need is something that I can keep warm myself, make my own food and has a bed or a place I can put a cot.  I'll take care of the rest.

Thanks!",Looking for rustic cabins in the northeast.,1,False,penkster
camping,"Hey folks, the holidays are approaching and for me that means thinking about camping gear! I'd like this thread to serve as a little holiday gift guide. It could include things on your wish list, awesome gifts that you've gotten, or just gear that you have that you think would make a great gift. if it's okay with the mods to include product links I think that would be great, but please don't feel like you have to have a link in order to make a meaningful contribution. Of course, you don't have to celebrate any particular holiday in order to join in. This post is for everyone who loves to give or receive, or even just advise. 

Wishing you all a wonderful season!! ❄️☃️ 

(🌅🌇👙for those in the Southern Hemisphere)",Holiday Gift Ideas Thread,1,False,8Ariadnesthread8
camping,,"Trial Bay, Australia",1,False,captainmeows
camping,,"November camping in Michigan’s Upper Peninsula. We’re still amateurs, but damn, I’m starting to enjoy these little adventures.",1,False,happy-dayys
camping,,First family camping trip!,1,False,rellit5185
camping,"Went camping. This morning, there was a good frost going on, froze the water in the dog bowl and everything! I slept with a beanie on so my forehead feels alright but from my nose, middle of my cheeks and down, it feels like wind burn. It even feels kinda warm to the touch (or my hands are just cold lol). Anyone else experience this?

Or am I just going crazy? Lol",My face feels like wind burn. Is this semi normal?,1,False,freedom_oh
camping,,Just a little camp Humor for anyone who has struggled with wet wood before.,1,False,Jasonatcamp
camping,"As the title suggests, who/what was your most annoying neighbor when you went camping?",Who was your most annoying camping neighbor?,1,False,Fangletron
camping,,Camp host,1,False,hardcorexpato
camping,"Am I nuts? I'm planning for a backpacking/camping outing leaving from NYC. In November. I don't have a car, so I'm having to resort to public transportation and hiking in. I've been camping a bunch, but I've never been camping where I'm forced to rely only on what I'm carrying on my back.

What are some words of wisdom you wish someone would've told you before you left? Any pointers, recommendations, well-wishes accepted!",Newbie backpacker planning for a post-Thanksgiving camp in NYC...,1,False,YodasFlashlight
camping,,The latest episode in my bushcraft shelter build is out now on my YouTube Channel. As an added bonus there are some tips on sharpening knives too! Give it a look and subscribe if you enjoy 😉,1,False,KoloKraft-Bushcraft
camping,"My girlfriend and I camp usually every other weekend or so (usually for 2-3 nights). We're typically pretty mobile on our trips and often move to multiple campsites in a trip, breaking down camp each night.

I'm personally ok roughing it with just a sleeping mat and sleeping bag, but my girlfriend has a very hard time sleeping in tents. She needs our queen air mattress, with regular sheets/comforters/pillows or she's pretty miserable.

I'm personally starting to get really tired of dealing with the air mattress...its super bulky, hate having to worry about pumps, constantly inflating/deflating etc. With the mattress, comforter and pillows our SUV ends up packed to the brim which I'm not a fan of either.. 

I've used some of the really thin, rollable, self inflating pads before but tbh I never found them particularly comfortable.  Any suggestions for alternatives that are super comfortable but more convenient than an air mattress?

Also wondering suggestions for alternatives to bulky comforters/pillows? I do actually enjoy not being buttoned up in a regular sleeping bag during our warm weather trips, but want to minimize the car footprint.","Could use some advice on sleeping gear. Sick of lugging around air mattresses/pumps/comforters, but my girlfriend needs the max comfort factor...any suggestions for good alternatives?",1,False,DontMicrowaveCats
camping,,Building A Log Cabin &amp; Hammock Camping In Scotland,1,False,JamieScho
camping,,"Brisk morning breakfast. Lums Pond, DE",1,False,GBNNolden
camping,,I built a camper that is exactly large enough to fit a full size mattress. . . how effective would this idea be?,1,False,extraoddaquarius
camping,,They love camping,1,False,drunkbackpacker
camping,,At least the tent still smells like a campfire,1,False,Additional_Character
camping,,"Isle of Skye, Scotland",2,False,_Am_I_Right_
camping,,Interior of my earlier posted new caravan,1,False,chrajsian
camping,,"Late lunch in the forest. Oslo, Norway",1,False,yello_walls
camping,,My very new caravan. Looking forward to creating memories,1,False,chrajsian
camping,,カーサイドタープ設営します！簡単で便利に使えそう！,1,False,wancamp
camping,,Before all the wildfires... Grizzly Lake just south of St. Elmo 🏞️,1,False,mudbutt55
camping,,"Hot tent at Valdresflye, Norway",1,False,NORWEGIAN_OIL_MONEY
camping,,went out to the desert and just slept on a mat till sunrise. man it’s was so cold.,1,False,FickleBluebird
camping,Alrighty guys... how many of you have that green Coleman tent.,Guilty!,1,False,toptoptoptoprotp
camping,,Ales and Trails,1,False,RickyF25
camping,,Sign Petition: Help Save Kentucky's Red River Gorge Region!,1,False,EpicallyShocking
camping,,"Frazier Mountain from my picnic table. The San Andreas Fault runs along the base of the mountain, behind the shaded bluff in foreground",1,False,HipcampHosts
camping,,"Setting up the camp site in the property. Right now it’s going to be primitive, you can see the fire hole in the back. We are going to build it out for clamping at some point when the price of lumber goes down.",1,False,RagingBear66
camping,,What do you think of the Rux gear organizer?,1,False,DiscussionMammoth
camping,[removed],"quick survey about camping tool kits, would love to get responses",1,False,kkw0k
camping,,"quick survey about camping tool kits, would love to get responses",1,False,kkw0k
camping,[removed],"quick Survey about camping tool kits, would love to get some responses",1,False,kkw0k
camping,,Panqueca Fit de banana com aveia | ótimo para reduzir o pão #shorts,1,False,SoIdeiasLegais
camping,[removed],Patagonia pet Accessories survey,1,False,staffford3
camping,,Camping Goes Upscale During Covid-19. Way Upscale.,1,False,joancrutchfields74
camping,,"New Forest, England",1,False,TheLuckyHam-
camping,"Hi everyone, I'm pretty new to camping in California. I've been checking for months now for available campsites in Big Sur but they've been consistently booked up. Is it possible to show up day-of and get a spot? What're the chances of someone cancelling last minute? Can I just park on the side of the road? Would love to wake up to the ocean. Any advice is appreciated!",What to do when the campsite is full?,1,False,SouthernRhubarb6798
camping,,Crackling bonfire on an autumn evening,1,False,Lunkas
camping,,Nothing like a big fire after setting up in the rain.,1,False,mildlydepressedboi
camping,"I am considering going to PINS the the day after Thanksgiving, and camping Friday, and Saturday nights. I realize that there are no reservations taken, and that it is first come, first serve. How crowded can I expect campgrounds to be? Should I try to camp on the beach with a 2 Wheel drive car along the first 5 miles?",Padre Island National Seashore camping,1,False,FinnyWhale
camping,,Preps for the cold night...,1,False,marthijs86
camping,"I need a cheap folding portable chair in the UK. Minimum 120kg capacity, preferably quite high off the ground and with a backrest. Nothing too rugged. The terrain is a flat grass field, and I was hoping for no more than £25.

When I first searched, I came across the [Alpha Camp Moon Chair](https://smile.amazon.co.uk/gp/product/B07TC6ZY6Z/). It was on a lightning deal for £41, which I very nearly got. However, I saw 3 reviews on Youtube, ignoring the robot voice spam, and Alpha Camp's own video. 

One guy said the chair didn't last as long as he'd like, showing wear and tear after 2 years, although he didn't handle it the most gently. There's a woman who was given the product by the company, and as you'd expect, gives a positive review. Another is a man claiming it's the ""best chair ever"". 

Even on Amazon, it's 4 stars out of 12 reviews. I felt it best to get some advice before dropping money on it, and ended up missing the deal. Maybe I'll regret it, but it's best not to buy the first thing you see that's heavily discounted. before doing research.",Looking for a cheap camping chair,1,False,wgolding
camping,,Camper,1,False,Fire-Jet-
camping,"Hey all, 

I have a gigantic winter sleeping “system” for camping in the cold. It is a Canadian surplus item that comprises two and a half bags (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ghcb4HsVOkw).  Basically a big 13 inch by 22 inch cylinder. So far I am very pleased with its performance in the cold while camping. The only problem is its packability. This thing is pretty huge – even when compressed. The military issue ruck that was made to carry it is no longer available (http://armyissue.com/catalog/images/82PATRUCK9.jpg). It was perfect because it was essentially a large pack, with heavy, well balanced  straps that hung below to accommodate the huge bag, while positioning it so that the side-to-side motions made while carrying it were accounted for. 

I tried attaching strapping to another pack, but the weight of the system threw the balance off. 

Does anyone know of a ruck or backpack or ruck that might balance a huge pack to the bottom and have large enough lashings and loops to accommodate the size, weight, and balance of such a bag? 

Thanks in advance for any help you can give me.",Looking for a backpack to accommodate the only sleep system that seems to work in my environment,1,False,will_riker
camping,,"Caloosahatchee Regional Park. Alva, Florida.",1,False,AshleyTheGuy
camping,,"Overnight hike up Mt Currie near Whistler, BC, Canada. 🇨🇦",2,False,MrGerk
camping,,I’m so ready for camping!! Can’t wait until next year!,6,False,Preacherskid21
camping,,Missing my favorite camping site! Can’t wait for the Spring/Summer,7,False,Preacherskid21
camping,,Late night campfires,0,False,Evansplayer
camping,,"Missing the Summer! Olympic National Forest, WA",1,False,Preacherskid21
camping,,"Missing the summer already! Olympic National Forest, WA",1,False,Preacherskid21
camping,,"Hi friends, I've just started a YouTube channel and my first vid is of camping trip I went on a few a months back. Give it a geez!",1,False,aidennedia
camping,,How to choose a Waterproof Tent,1,False,take8meonatrip
camping,"Does anyone know of any good camp sites or state parks near Waco, Texas?",Camping Around Central Texas,1,False,woohop
camping,Every day is a festival during the Black Friday season. The wait is over as the 2020 Black Friday starts from November. [https://talesbuzz.com/best-camping-cots-black-friday-deals-2020-cyber-monday-sales-live-now/](https://talesbuzz.com/best-camping-cots-black-friday-deals-2020-cyber-monday-sales-live-now/),Best Camping Cots Black Friday Deals 2020,1,False,kurdakadre
camping,I’ve been camping for most of my life (18 years old) and for the last five or so years i’ve been sleeping in a hammock instead of in a tent. I still set up a tent to keep all my stuff in and in case of extremely bad weather but I was wondering about the use of a tarp over the hammock. Usually when I set up hammocks I normally don’t use a tarp over it unless there chance of rain. Is it bad decision to sometimes not sleep with one over me? What do my fellow hammock dwellers do?,Sleeping in hammocks,1,False,airvent-xryd
camping,,"Backpacking , Traveling around China 2020 PART1",1,False,FlorianBiela
camping,,Cheap camping shower,1,False,Kieranwhite9
camping,,I can’t be the only one who feels like this when reentering civilization,1,False,mntns_n_coconuts
camping,,3 Fun Camping Games For Adults That You Have To Play,1,False,omarferroudji1
camping,,Campsite on a section of the AT (NC) a couple months ago,1,False,NoPapaya9
camping,,You know how it is,1,False,54turtlelord
camping,,Get lost,1,False,Dirt_on_my_shoes
camping,,Camping in Northern Georgia,1,False,BetsyDefrauds
camping,,"[WINTER] [CANADA] What are some tips you would give someone going overnight in a new place? Gear recommendations, dos and donts, gems of knowledge etc.",1,False,ImVeryBased
camping,Can we in this thread promote EV’s for camping to help preserve the great experiences?,EV camping,1,False,achemist1969
camping,"[https://www.torpedo7.co.nz/products/XIRTFN8ESUQ/title/ascent-escape-tent----cyan](https://www.torpedo7.co.nz/products/XIRTFN8ESUQ/title/ascent-escape-tent----cyan)

I have the sojourn5 atm, but it is only 1500mm, this one above is the same style, but 2000mm 

I can get it right now for 135NZD

seeing if I should buy it atm, or maybe wait and if there is a decent discount again I might get more off for staff discount when the card arrives. I just don't know if it will come back down.",decent tent?,1,False,throwaway_071997
camping,,Camping in the pines. Got this shot of my wife checking out the lake.,1,False,i_like_it_raw_
camping,,"[WINTER] What are some tips you would give someone going overnight in a new place? Gear recommendations, dos and donts, gems of knowledge etc.",1,False,ImVeryBased
camping,[removed],Pop-up Canopy School Project,1,False,Freddgrr
camping,,Some camping/adventure for you lovely people to enjoy.,1,False,Imdrunkwhereareyou
camping,,Favorite photo I took of my boyfriend while exploring a bitchin’ meadow,1,False,jellyjojelly
camping,,"Is this bear scat? Ontario, Canada?",1,False,Similar-Success
camping,,"My spot in the San Juan National Forest, Colorado, back in September. Can't wait to go back.",1,False,cougar_trap
camping,,How To Get A Campsite Availability Alert With Campsite Assist,1,False,Campsite_Photos
camping," Hey guys! I am part of an engineering design course at Plano Senior High School. My group wants to create a new design for a two-person tent. We would like to make the setup process of a tent easier, therefore we have decided to make an ""Insta-Tent"". We would greatly appreciate it if you all could look at a slideshow that we created to describe our initial designs and fill out a google form, that would greatly help us improve and focus on specific parts. Thank you for taking the time to help us.

Slideshow:

[https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1qeCQxTyHJjSzqqVrPKa8r5VC5oo8rV7TZysheoxpwUc/edit?usp=sharing](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1qeCQxTyHJjSzqqVrPKa8r5VC5oo8rV7TZysheoxpwUc/edit?usp=sharing)

Google form:

[https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSeeVZhJeqOCfnI3xnXt2CEPlhQCqX-r2cMjWMx0jbgQ3aRkBQ/viewform?usp=sf\_link](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSeeVZhJeqOCfnI3xnXt2CEPlhQCqX-r2cMjWMx0jbgQ3aRkBQ/viewform?usp=sf_link)",Tent school project,1,False,ShaUr01
camping,,Wow 😳😳😳😳 nature,1,False,giveji
camping,,Camping a few months ago in Mexico. Some cows woke us up.,1,False,arturoriveraf
camping,"Wondering if anyone here is around the Indianapolis area and have any free camping spots they like. So many of the forests/campsites here have fees, even for primitive camping. My favorite is Buzzard Roost, southern most point of Hoosier International Forest, looks right over the Ohio River.",Indianapolis/ Midwest USA area,1,False,BigFingerMan
camping,,8 COOL AND EFFECTIVE GADGETS THAT SAVE LIVES,1,False,haluknet
camping,,5km of Booth's Rock Trail. Algonquin Park one of the best views in Ontario.,1,False,Jasonatcamp
camping,,"Glamping in Yamanashi, Japan a few weekends ago under a full moon with co-workers.",1,False,banstrand
camping,,"Glamping in Yamanashi, Japan a few weekends ago under a full moon with co-workers.",1,False,banstrand
camping,,"Glamping in Yamanashi, Japan a few weekends ago under a full moon with co-workers.",1,False,banstrand
camping,,"Glamping in Yamanashi, Japan a few weekends ago under a full moon with co-workers.",1,False,banstrand
camping,,"Glamping in Yamanashi, Japan a few weekends ago under a full moon with co-workers.",1,False,banstrand
camping,,Crackling Embers,1,False,crowan83
camping,,Beautiful camping site and beautiful view of Mt. Kinabalu,1,False,KonekoT15
camping,"I used to camp ALL the time with my family until I was 14, and I miss it. I want to start again, but my parents are no longer around and I have no one I can ask for advice from.

Idk where to start. What is car camping?",Want to start camping,1,False,cursed-ears
camping,,Custom made Damascus steel chef knives set – 5 kitchen knives set,1,False,GeologistNeither4906
camping,,"been tripping around Fernvale this week, Geoff Fisher Bridge, Fernvale",1,False,4_Wheels_On_The_Road
camping,,"A while back when me and some friends backpacked to San Gregorio Reservoir, NM",1,False,YaBoiSVT
camping,,Camping or Glamping? 😊 📍Philippines,1,False,Cessy888
camping,,My wakeup call in the Badlands.,1,False,IrishPlow
camping,,"Buy Yelp Reviews - Real, Legit, Elite With Permanent 5 Star",1,False,JuanitaMedhurst
camping,,Sometimes the best way to reconnect is to disconnect,1,False,salad_dressing_dude
camping,"I'm planning a camping trip for winter it will be about 20°F at night, I have a 0° sleeping bag and read that when in a hammock it compresses the bottom so it doesn't insulate. Why don't they say that about sleeping on the ground?",Winter hammock camping,1,False,BigFingerMan
camping,"Hi guys! I'm new to car camping and just started a YouTube to go along with it :) Most of what I see is click bait and drama. I was wondering if a more ""real"" approach would be palatable? Let me know your thoughts and thank you in advance!

https://youtu.be/msWN4jqoUkc",A realistic van life channel :),1,False,AbstraktAnimation
camping,,Camping in Lake Cachuma,1,False,rockaafella
camping,[removed],Best Portable Solar Generator For Both Camping &amp; Emergency Backup Power!,1,False,buddylogan
camping,,Homemade chuckbox,1,False,Thomaj3
camping,"I’ve been looking for car camping spots around Charlotte NC and just realized that the state parks are done for the year. Anyone know of grounds where I can car camp? Preferably something where we don’t have to hike in very far, but I’ll take what I can get at this point. Thanks in advance!",Looking for camping spots near Charlotte NC,1,False,Cpnbro
camping,[removed],One man’s urgent mission: Photographing World War II veterans before they’re gone,1,False,Wise-Measurement-396
camping,,"On a ridge in Northwest BC, early September 2020",1,False,Bassyface
camping,,"My wife and I did a quick overnight RV camp &amp; cook at Colossal Cave Mountain Park, where part of the Arizona Trail crosses.",1,False,shwoople
camping,"Follow-up question: If you don't use a stuff sack, and you know it's going to be wet, what would you stuff it in?",Anyone else not use a stuff sack for their sleeping bag?,1,False,Whiskey_Ryan
camping,"Suuuuper novice lady camper here. My idea of camping before a few years ago was a night stay at the Marriott. I’ve only been camping 2-4 times.

Made the rookie mistake of nervously getting blackout drunk on the first night of the camp trip. I almost never drink like this.

I am told that at one point in the evening, I slammed my hand down and smooshed a spider that had crawled on me whilst screaming “I AM GOD!” *rabid sounds*

Yea...

And the next day I had a super inclined hike up and down the side of a mountainside... like I’m talking a level 10 for my chunky ass.

So that’s my trip report! 10/10 would recommend.",Rookie Mistake,1,False,wompxv87
camping,,Hello Lovely People,1,False,Imdrunkwhereareyou
camping,,"Woke up like this last weekend (Nuevo León, Mexico)",1,False,arturoriveraf
camping,[removed],Hello r/Camping! I'm a college student trying to figure out what people's biggest barriers to camping are. I'd be incredibly grateful if you'd be willing to take my 5 minute survey!,1,False,CallMeBigChief
camping,[removed],Hello r/Camping! I'm a college student trying to figure out what people's biggest barriers to camping are. I'd be incredibly grateful if you'd be willing to take my 5 minute survey!,1,False,CallMeBigChief
camping,"Hey folks! I am desperately in need of suggestions in finding a pair of solid hiking boots which will also be good for everyday winter wear. I intend to use them in northern MN for winter camping and snowshoeing, so they need to be quite warm, but also flexible and comfortable enough for *frequent* and *heavy* wear. Additionally, I have *very* broad feet, so I need something pretty wide, especially in the toe box. I also have bone spurs on the back of my heel, so I need something with a soft meshy backing (ie. no leather or hard plastic). I really like barefoot/minimal shoes, but I'm concerned that they may not provide enough insulation for northern MN winter usage. For example, I have looked at Xero Alpines, but I'm concerned that when the temperature dips into the negatives, my toes will feel it. Any suggestions would be greatly appreciated!",Winter Boot Help??,1,False,cheddarbumper
camping,what are some good camping spots within an hour and a half drive or so of the city? We are looking mainly to primitive camp but we are open minded to car camping if it comes down to it.,"will be flying to Denver, Colorado at the end of November, need good camping sites recommendations.",1,False,woodstock01
camping,,"Camping, fishing ans Burgers!",1,False,60percentWaterGR
camping,,Taking advantage of this warm rainy November weather.,1,False,Nature13oy
camping,,Taking advantage of this warm rainy weather for November.,1,False,Nature13oy
camping,,"Trying out new camping gear in the middle of Lac La Biche, AB!",1,False,Tr3mb1ay
camping,,"Just discovered this subreddit. My friends and I camping this summer in Buena Vista, CO",1,False,Jesus359
camping,,Planning An Eco-Friendly Camping Trip: The How To Guide - Emagazine.com,1,False,LoganMorganqc
camping,,Check out what my friend got me for Christmas,1,False,heidrichdfdgfhgh
camping,"Hey Im not a big camper but I went for a few weekends in the summer and it was great. A couple of friends mine wen last week and invited me to join with them. It was freezing cold and they were like come its beautiful you'll love it. And I was like, hells no!","Camping In The Cold, How Is It Even A Thing??",1,False,whatifgodwasoneofuss
camping,,Recently bought a cargo van just for camping and road trips. It’s been a pretty awesome adventure machine so far!!,1,False,itag4130
camping,,I bought this tomahawk for camping and gave it a custom paracord handle wrap!,1,False,Nerf-Boye
camping,,"Not a bad spot for the last trip of the year. (Buena Vista, CO)",1,False,steelweight
camping,,Finally!,1,False,Josh-Birnbaum
camping,[removed],Coleman Tent | Montana Tent for Outdoor Camping,1,False,Advanced_Soft
camping,,Coleman Tent | Montana Tent for Outdoor Camping,1,False,Advanced_Soft
camping,"Hi all,

As a seasoned fair weather camper, me and some friends are going to take the plunge and do some camping in winter. Obviously we don't want to freeze to death!

What additional gear do you guys take when you go camping in winter? And tips on particular sleeping bags, roll mats, and anything else you can recommend?

We are planning a trip to Scotland if that helps at all.",Essentials for winter camping,1,False,oldworkshop1
camping,,Coleman Tent | Montana Tent for Outdoor Camping,1,False,Advanced_Soft
camping,,"Pop up camping at Morro Bay State Park, CA",1,False,LitoUSC_4Runner
camping,[removed],"Buy Facebook Ads Accounts - USA,UK,CA Old Facebook Accounts",1,False,Michuffman
camping,,"Recently camped on the Rocky Mountains, CO. 🏔",1,False,TriggernometryPhD
camping,,Recent ride along the Blue Ridge campsite. The rain fly wasn’t tested that night but looks good!,1,False,Soulebot
camping,,The perfect Essential House Music playlist to enjoy while camping!,1,False,houseflow13
camping,"I have always just boiled some water for MREs and tea, but I am feeling a bit interested in campfire cooking. So what are your guys favorite things to cook on the campfire?",Good food to make on the fire?,1,False,ParkRangerEddie
camping,,First dusting of snow on a recent hammock trip,1,False,Thomson-Woods
camping,[removed],"Buy Facebook Ads Accounts - USA,UK,CA Old Facebook Accounts",1,False,fhtytys
camping,,"Waking up on The Smoky Mountains, CO.",1,False,TriggernometryPhD
camping,,"No wind, no rain, no people! What more could you ask for! Chehalis Lake, British Columbia",1,False,itag4130
camping,,"First solo camping trip to Presqu’ile provincial park in Ontario, Canada. Kept the phone away but had to take these pictures.",1,False,Papachef8
camping,,Went for stargazing in Muskoka. Finally a dream come true after 2 years.,1,False,_smanik_
camping,[removed],Help Me Reach My GOAL https://discord.gg/2XXd2Nz4sv,1,False,AmongUSParadise
camping,,Finally cool enough for a fire,1,False,EdwardPackard
camping,,Finally cool enough for a fire,1,False,EdwardPackard
camping,,Hidden falls park in Texas! Go check it out!,1,False,Lifted_Focus
camping,,Morning at Inks Lake Texas,1,False,cmptrnrd
camping,"I solo camped outside a creepy village in the middle of a pitch black dark forest in Australia, hours from anywhere! The entire village was abandoned and for sale not long ago. I also tested out a hammock to gift to my son: https://youtu.be/4csNARND2Uc",Solo Overnight At Creepy Forest Village In Australia,1,False,swaggingwithben
camping,,"Secluded morning campsite, Texas.",1,False,sans_deus
camping,[removed],Coleman Tent | Montana Tent for Outdoors,1,False,Big_Motor_7725
camping,"So I have cats. They love being outdoors and I walk them often. I want to take them with me camping as I think it would be a good idea, but of course this has the potential to become disastrous. Does anyone have experience with camping with pets and have any advice?","I have a question, is that allowed here?",1,False,soulihide
camping,,Galloway forest to the Isle of Skye,1,False,scobie190
camping,"I primarily camp out in the middle of WI, The Baraboo area. The particular area I was at this campout was the castle rock lake region. I was there for 2 months long exactly. That particular area isn’t known for its wildlife, but let me tell you everything is bigger there. Even the mesquites and flys, they are absolutely massive. Sense there’s an obvious amount of creatures one should assume the same amount or more in the night. And that is correct, my time there I wsnt always able to get to the safety of my campsite before it got dark. There’s been time where I would wander back only from muscle memory in pitch black dark. That alone is scary, but the amount of wildlife makes it worse and dangerous. I ran into countless small varmit and some larger animals. Ive ran into skunks and raccoons, and I was able to get a glimpse of a badger. How did I not die? I don’t know. Not to mention the countless times I’ve been chased and almost attacked by many nocturnal animals. You can almost never make out what it is, zip can almost never know it’s there until it moves and you can’t stop to figure it out either. You run as quickly as you can without stopping. Enjoy this PSA as to why you should never be wandering in the forest at night.",Wandering around after dark during a campout is an obvious no no but a terrifying experience as well,1,False,Coconot14
camping,[removed],What are the symptoms of ADHD?,1,False,GenericPainMedicine
camping,,"Three weeks camping in Lakeport, CA. Doggo’s second time out.",1,False,snackysnackwillowbee
camping,"For my day off I decided to sleep over at my friends house, but because of covid we decided to sleep outside. I am in a hammock, and my friend is on an outdoor couch. I'm trying to fall asleep and am hearing cayotes howling maybe a half a mile away. Am I safe? Answer asap",Cayotes,1,False,thisisgabehere
camping,"Yeah, just like title says, I’m gonna go camping around West Texas, need to know good spots and if anyone has any tips on laws or culture that I should be aware of. Thanks",Anyone got any tips for car camping in Texas? I’m headed for Marfa,1,False,swinglowalltime
camping,,"Very little beats a campfire breakfast jaffle of cheese, baked beans, salt and pepper.",1,False,Northernpixels
camping,Im looking for a cool place to just drive my truck to and camp for a few days. ideally driving on some state park dirt or gravel road for a few miles and just pulling off somewhere cool and far away from anything and pitching a tent. south Tennessee or south North Carolina would be cool too just anywhere within like 3 hours of Athens GA,Looking for somewhere to camp out of my truck in the north GA area,1,False,hooper_jonathan
camping,,A different camping perspective,1,False,Allisonscafe
camping,I want to go on a thirty day camping trip with as little as possible the problem is... coyotes the place i wanna go is filled with them and i'm only 11. It will be pup season and they should be fierce any tips to drive them away,Camping Trip,1,False,Ok-Comment-5921
camping,,Dispersed camping in the Finger Lakes National Forest and hiking Watkins Glen last month.,1,False,banjozoo
camping,"I am somewhat new to camping and looking for a tent that will withstand most elements (like a surprise storm, or if it gets really windy). 

I am considering getting the 2 second pop up tent because I hate setting up a tent, as well as taking it down. Thing is according to [this tent](https://decathlon.com.au/products/2-seconds-pop-up-fresh-black-camping-tent-3-person-142651?variant=30895604662383), it seems it only has two air vents on the bottom sides and none at the tops. 

I live in Australia.",Has anyone used the 2-second pop up tent? How is it? What do you like/dislike about it?,1,False,newaccount4523
camping,,"One year ago I went on a solo trip on the Huron River in Michigan to test a new cold weather hammock sleeping bag and got dumped on overnight. Luckily for me, it worked! Today it hit 75 degrees in SE Michigan.",1,False,mich_adventurer
camping,,"Camping this weekend in Mendocino, CA.",1,False,JaemzNugyen
camping,"Hey all. Wondering if anyone has ever used one of the light packable cots under a small one person tent? Instead of inside the tent?

 I Kickstartered the rhino wolf tent which is an all one tent/air pad/sleeping bag combo. Very small footprint. Not much bigger than my 6ft frame. Also not very tall and angles in quite quickly. 

Not as compact/ultralight as the serious backpacker tents, but also not the same price range. I am planning on 2-3 day camping trips near my city. Areas within range of my stamina level with my ebike. (Ebike mentioned due to gear space constraints-whatever it is, has to fit on the bike)

Four things I am concerned with. 

1. Reviews have stated that some rhino wolf tents are not as waterproof as they should be (I haven’t had a chance to test it out yet (partially due to Covid and partially due to procrastination) but apparently the floor allows seepage in some folks’ tents (possibly due to friction wear from the compression strapping that is used)

2. I am a side sleeper, with an old hip injury that does not take kindly to prolonged hard pressure. 

3. I have a couple of options for ground sheets, but nothing ideal for the tent size (would have to either cut a tarp down, or get some thin plastic sheets. And I would still have to deal with potential pressure on the hip

4. I don’t want to wake up stiff and sore and take half the day just getting limber again from not having a decent sleeping surface. 

I saw on one rhino wolf review on amazon.com that a man had put a cot under the tent, but then he also had a pop up tent/shelter thingie over the whole setup so he didn’t have to worry about rain collecting between the cot and the tent. Although it does look like the tent footprint overhung the cot edges a bit so maybe that isn’t a concern?

I don’t think the tent is big enough to fit a cot inside it effectively. 
Has anyone ever tried this with a little tent before? Is this a terrible idea? Maybe with a mesh cot instead of solid fabric? 

Any suggestions for a better night sleep? 

The other thing I was thinking I could do is use the therma rest closed cell foam pad under the tent. Not sure if that is also a poor idea. It’s been a while (a decade maybe) since I camped in a tent, and even then it used to be car camping where weight and bulk was not a concern. 

Looking forward to hearing your thoughts!",Anyone ever use a cot UNDER a tent as opposed to in it?,1,False,Dracmthefirst
camping,,One of the best drives in Texas,1,False,txstormtrooper
camping,,What are your go-to socks for winter weather camping?,1,False,bizzarrr
camping,,Autumn camping in Scotland,1,False,caffcaff_
camping,,Fall Has Fallen in East Texas,1,False,EdwardPackard
camping,,"Malga Spora, Italian Alps last summer. It was my first solo-two days hike with my tent, and I got lucky with this fantastic weather during the sunset, right before going to sleep.",1,False,Initial-Intention-13
camping,[removed],Question to any backpackers out there!,1,False,TrailAngel-App
camping,,Camping with the homies and visiting the caves. Really good time and good weather.,1,False,SLARBZ
camping,,"Algonquin Park, Ontario Canada",1,False,NaTs-Curious
camping,,My view when waking up yesterday,1,False,iamthefluff
camping,,"The venerable Coleman Sundome, Morrow Mountain State Park, NC",1,False,G00dSh0tJans0n
camping,,Took my wife camping for her first time in the Huron Manistee National Forest. Got to enjoy this beautiful view.,1,False,PourOver2
camping,,My view when waking up yesterday,1,False,iamthefluff
camping,,Weekend at The Adirondacks!,1,False,UnknownspiritX5
camping,,Car camping Texas -&gt; Colorado a few weeks ago.,1,False,infinitenew
camping,,Took a little weekend trip to north Alabama this weekend.,1,False,frig_off_lahey
camping,"New to camping. I have done a couple of solo trips so far in the North East and trying to figure out how most people deal with wet gear when packing up camp. Example: I went for a quick overnight last night in PA. Woke up this morning around 0700 and everything was soaked from dew. My tent’s rain fly was rolling with water. How do most people handle or do you simply pack up everything soaking wet and put it out to dry when you get home? I live in an NYC apartment so handing this shit up in my bathroom is rough, lol. I have thought about getting some of those water absorption beads and rolling them up with my tent but I think it’s too much moisture for that. Maybe I just have to deal but interested in knowing what other’s do. Also little tip, I motocamp mostly, so everything is packed into a bag then strapped to my motorcycle.","When packing up, how do you deal with wet gear?",1,False,212medic
camping,Thanks!,"Suggest a spot in NJ with: views, bathroom, fire ring",1,False,thunder185
camping,,"I made a primitive trap for rabbits/wildfowl, which didn’t go quite as planned! Feel free to sub on YouTube for more 🙂",1,False,Kerr-rawden
camping,,"Pup’s first overnight trip — Lower Haw River, NC",1,False,slh2c
camping,"First time redditor here,

After many years of traditional tent camping, I'm looking to buy my first camper trailer. Next year I'll be a senior in college, and I want to study abroad for a semester, so instead of signing a lease where I'll be stuck in the city for a whole year, I want to buy a camper (a 17 to 21 foot one) and drive it around the country (US) while taking some classes remotely. 

Back in June, I took the back seats out of my 2007 Toyota Sequoia and retrofitted it as a sort of makeshift camper. I drove to Montana (from Pennsylvania) for a two week, one-man camping trip, and I absolutely loved it. I want to do something similar for the fall semester next year, but a trip that long would obviously require a lot more space and considerably more amenities. I'm planning on buying a used trailer, and my budget is $5000 max.

My question is this: as someone who has absolutely zero experience with camping trailers, and is planning on spending most of my time off the grid (I don't plan on staying at paid campsites at all), would it be better for me to buy a camper with functioning amenities, such as power, and plumbing, or should I save money by buying a camper that's closer to just a shell, and supplement any amenities I feel I'd need?

For the past few weeks I've been reading a lot of articles about how to get started, and dealing with batteries, hookups, tanks, and the like seems totally out of my wheelhouse, so I'm thinking it might make more sense for me to buy a camper with less functionality. I don't plan on cooking more than once a week, I'd spend most of my time outside (so AC/heat wouldn't really be used till I go to bed anyway), I have no problem using the bathroom outside, and I already own a solar shower that I love, so there's really no need for me to have any plumbing besides a sink. I'm planning on spending decently long stretches (a week or more) in a remote location where I won't have access to power/water hookups, so I've been thinking I'd get a small propane fridge, a camp stove, and bring all my water with me. 

I realize this might belong more in a more specific subreddit, but I've been camping for years and have no experience with anything RV/camper related, and this trip would essentially be a months-long camping trip, so I'd rather get advice from fellow campers with similar experience, not full-time RVers and the like. If this belongs more in a different subreddit, please let me know and I'll take it down and move it there.

If anyone has experience with used campers, solo boondocking, or anything that you might think is relevant, I'd really appreciate any advice y'all could offer.

Thanks so much!",Looking for some guidance from anyone who owns a pull-behind camper,1,False,henrylynett
camping,,"First overnight trip with the pup — Lower Haw River, NC",1,False,slh2c
camping,"Specifically, I see calendars where dates are not available but other sites in the same campground are reserved. Does this mean, for example, they have released sites through, say the 5th and if you book that date you can extend that reservation into dates that are not yet released?",How do reservations on recreation.gov work?,1,False,imnotsoho
camping,,"Blair Valley, CA",1,False,dorianruns
camping,,Ozarks 4 day solo,1,False,pope237
camping,,"Mr. Heater Buddy felt like cheating, but it was so nice in the morning!",1,False,frozenwhites
camping,,Gearing up for a weekend in the Smokies,1,False,notickynolaundry
camping,,Long day behind. Belarus woods,1,False,Vadimsadovski
camping,"Is this safe to do so? 

It will be to heat up some canned soup, or water, left overs, etc.",Enamel bowls/mugs over a fire?,1,False,Avocadosandtomatoes
camping,[removed],What kind of mosquito repellent you use?,1,False,CRIOXEN
camping,,We sometimes get caught in a storm,1,False,twowheelsbiglife
camping,,Kitty lake ranger cabin Algonquin Park.,1,False,Jasonatcamp
camping,,Wilderness camping trip turns perilous for a group of fathers and sons when severe weather moves in,1,False,Vivid_Author182
camping,,Lincoln National Forest NM,1,False,Airon4008
camping,,Rooftop camping under the stars!,1,False,ishamm
camping,,Solo Camping Trip. Off Season Camping in Spain,1,False,CampingShack
camping,"I'm new here, what should I do",New here,1,False,bigbigday
camping,,Camping and hiking with my main man and Troop 54!,1,False,frozenwhites
camping,,6-Star Hotel,1,False,JayGlacier
camping,,"Much needed camping a few weeks ago. Baxter, Maine",1,False,marykoot
camping,My family and I are heading out for a road trip around Thanksgiving and we're hoping to stay a few nights in the redwoods. We have a little travel trailer (15') that we'll be pulling but I'm wondering if anyone has hot tips on where to stay. I've spent some time cruising around the reserve california website but I don't see anything open. Are things closed due to Covid or as a result of fire season or is every campground up there booked?,Northern California redwood spots,1,False,howdyjefe
camping,,"I do a lot of offroading, and it comes with a ton of camping too, which I love. This is the first time I've camped with my dog and she did great. My rig st the end for those who are interested.",1,False,PittyFosterDad
camping,[removed],Best Camping Portable Fire Pit EVER!! Check it out!,1,False,RogueOneOverland
camping,I am planning a ski trip. Any of you guys use weather tech sunshades full car kit for camping? I am trying to retain as much heat as possible as I might be camping in 20 degree weather sometimes.,Winter car camping,1,False,bford1u
camping,,"First time motorcycle camping was a success! When the motorcycle is 22 years old and the tent is 32 a lot can go wrong, thankfully the only thing that broke was a luggage strap while riding. The cop was nice about it though.",1,False,NormanoftheAmazon
camping,,"little tent city in Caprock Canyon, Texas.",1,False,kburch537
camping,,SLAB CITY CA. aka usa's last lawless city. we thought it was a good idea to come explore. ( it wasn't ) the truth is if we did not bring guns we would have left shortly after we arrived because it was a sketchy situation. explore with us .. here see slab city resident threaten to call police &amp; more,1,False,THEEMOSTINTERESTING
camping,,Peeing at Night When Camping Step-By-Step Guide,1,False,MatthewKhela
camping,,Three nights in the Inyo Mountains,1,False,EthanDiefen1631
camping,,My boy found the biggest geode of our lives!!!,1,False,Russ8341
camping,,Camp dumps are the best dumps 🥟,1,False,geneticswag
camping,,Alum Ford Campground this last weekend. Daniel Boone National Forest,1,False,pifish15
camping,"I'm looking for a ground tarp for my canvas tent. 

The dimensions are: 

240cm x 325cm

or

94.5in x 128in

Is it true that the tarp should be just a little smaller than the square footage of the tent?   


What are some easy hacks to get a tarp under the tent when it may not have the exact dimensions? Is it as simple as doubling up at the middle until it gets close enough?

Thank you.",Ground tarp for Tent,1,False,johnnyg08
camping,,"Went to big bear this weekend, snowed overnight!",1,False,cherpsnsalsa
camping,,Good Morning Friend,1,False,DickTrickelDuraLube
camping,,Camp life baby baby,1,False,sidesalt
camping,,"I love falling asleep to the sounds of a stream... River Alport, Peak District, UK",1,False,robjantoutdoors
camping,,"Birch Run shelter, Appalachian Trail, Biglerville PA - 11/7/20",1,False,mattcushing
camping,,A little late to post but found this beautiful cosy spot to camp a couple weeks back. A perfect fall weekend.,1,False,whiteduck_outdoors
camping,,Frosted conifer after a snow.,1,False,MontereyMassageMan
camping,,"70 degrees in PA calls for One last backpacking meal (pork tenderloin and sesame noodles) of the season. Minister creek, PA",1,False,dsoleman
camping,,Interested in camping near beaches in Rhode Island?,1,False,BOUND4BURLINGAME
camping,,"Sonoran Desert, AZ",1,False,telljoelle
camping,,"Took our pup on her first camping trip this weekend. Big Meadows, Shenandoah National Park, VA.",1,False,LurchChill
camping,,"Sonoran Desert, AZ",1,False,telljoelle
camping,,Took these while I was camping on the weekend,1,False,hardshelltaco420
camping,,A cozy camp made in sakardu,1,False,ButterflyTiny475
camping,,"Beautiful sunset near Blue Ridge, Georgia",1,False,DiosMioMan2
camping,,Enjoyed the last ( hopefully ) warm weekend in PA! didn’t get much below 40F at night and was high 60F during the day. Quehanna wild area,1,False,banhammercam
camping,,Lake Powell - Lone Rock Beach Campground,1,False,yezzirrstevee1
camping,"So I inherited a fifth wheel camping trailer, my truck bed is all set up for it. The trailer is from the 90’s, has a full kitchen, refrigerator, stove, shower, toilet, wall receptacles, and ac/heat. I have not seen it in person, I have to to Alabama to pick it up and drive it home. But from the pictures there are side pockets which I have not looked in. I’m unsure if there is generator, propane or what. If I am going camping where there is not trailer hook ups is there a way I can use the necessities of the trailer? Do I have the trailer filled with water so I can shower and use the sink? And have the gray liquid removed afterwards? Do I have to run the generator on the drive up to keep the fridge cold and keep it running for the whole weekend? It just doesn’t sound right to run a generator for 3 to 4 days consecutively but I may wrong. I’m totally uneducated.","I inherited a camping trailer, not sure how to use it? PLS READ DES.",1,False,No_Brother5620
camping,,Backpacking through the North Carolina / Tennessee border this weekend.,1,False,bubblepop12
camping,,"Built my tent right on a cliff, not my best sleep tbh but a hell of a wake up. (Lüleburgaz, Turkey)",1,False,SneezePowder
camping,,So i document my camping adventures and do camping gear reviews on fb if anyones interested in taking a look,1,False,bugout_adventures
camping,"hi everyone,

I am creating a website for those who like camping. I was wondering what most of the users are looking for (it can be anything: sharing locations with pictures, writing reviews for campsites, etc). Or if you know any existing websites, please write in the comments 

have a nice day",Website for camping?,1,False,arstanash
camping,"For those of you familiar with the eastern sierras, is it possible to camp near the hot springs such as Wild Willy's during thanksgiving or is it too cold?",Camping near Wild Willy's Hot Spring/eastern sierras in California,1,False,SpicyChickenDinner
camping,,Camping in the boundary waters,1,False,_spicygin_
camping,,Favorite camping spot in El Dorado National Forest,1,False,2themoonanback
camping,,Last camp meal of the season was memorable to say the least,1,False,2themoonanback
